he real world. This is starting point foranyone looking to understand Cloud Computing.
This program is eligible for both technical and non-technical professionals that want to launch a career in Cloud Computing or simply
understand it to contribute to their day-to-day organizational operations. Students are required to dedicate 3 days to learning for them
to succeed in this course. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn
market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum. You will get an overall understanding of the AWS Cloud,
independent of specific technical roles. This course provides a detailed overview of cloud concepts, AWS services, security, architecture,
pricing, and support. Cloud Software Engineers solely work with cloud computing systems. They help determine the functioning of a system
and provide guidance to programmers who assist in writing the software code. They might improve the functioning of existing systems or
create new ones. Ready to get started on your journey? The jobs you get with AWS cloud certification are the following:- Intake is ongoing
for theFebruary 26th, 2024Class Applications for this course have been closed. Enroll now for theMarch 18th, 2024intake Book Your Seat
forFebruary 26th, 2024 Application ongoing for theMarch 25 2024intake © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Next Intake starts
onFebruary 12th, 2024 Enroll now for theFebruary 12th, 2024intake We believe that it is important for companies to have a chance to
interact with our students and graduates. Partner with us today through speaking engagements, event sponsorships, etc. Learn More → We
have a large pool of career-ready Software Developers & Data Science graduates. Our talent has been endorsed by the marketplace and we
have a proven track record of graduating top-quality tech talent. To date, we have hit a milestone of an 85% + job placement rate within
12 months. Look no further for your tech team talent needs, Moringa can help! Moringa brings you transformative solutions for your
business. Work with our team to assess your needs, develop custom solutions to upskill your workforce, and find the right tech talent to
realize success. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Talk to our career services department today and get your hiring needs met.
Looking for tech talent? In an added effort to continue building talent and opportunities through transformative, tech-based learning
experiences, we are keen on running events that will expose our students and graduates to the industry. The Managed Internship Program
aims at providing our graduates with work experience at the onset of their careers and relieves employer partners of the management burden
of the interns by supporting the interns with technical managers the Moringa Team. Learn More → In the world of business and technology,
changes happen as people find better ways to execute tasks, optimize processes, reduce costs, and improve quality for customers in order
to gain a competitive advantage. Moringa assesses your needs and develops custom solutions to upskill your workforce so that your business
can be more profitable. Our trainers will conduct regular knowledge checks and collect student feedback to optimize our lessons. We
document a full project report with learnings from our delivery and handover to your department head. We meet with your team to determine
the training needed, timelines, and preferred delivery model Moringa assesses your needs and develops custom solutions to upskill your
workforce so that your business can be more profitable. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. We design and deliver content in both
classroom and online formats to ensure learners can consume the course material at a pace that meets the unique needs of your
organization. In the world of business and technology, changes happen as people find better ways to execute tasks, optimize processes,
reduce costs, and improve quality for customers in order to gain a competitive advantage. We work with you to determine the level of
proficiency required as dictated by your desired training outcomes. We assign a project manager to your account to ensure that we are
delivering on track as per your requirements. Our 6-point rubric for delivering our training ensures tangible results for all our clients.
The business intelligence (BI) sector is expanding rapidly, and an increasing number of hiring managers and recruiters are looking for
professionals who are not only proficient in BI tools but also possess certifications to back up their claims. This is determined by
whether you will use our curriculum as is or if the bespoke content design is required. We develop solutions that make a difference Our
6-point rubric for delivering our training ensures tangible results for all our clients:  Read more ... Moringa integrates learners from
diverse backgrounds and experiences and channels their motivation to learn and grow through industry-relevant programs, blended learning,
and practical experience. This seeks to unlock a learner’s potential and build a future of confidence, capability, and possibility See
full profile→ Director of People Director of Technology Every interaction at Moringa starts from a place of positivity and appreciation
for the other. We are an organization that cares for learners and mentors. We demonstrate empathy and understanding for each individual
through the respect and professionalism that underpins every engagement. We listen and learn through feedback and seek to recognize and
address student needs proactively, not reactively. Business Development © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. These are the values
that drive our operations and help to keep us on track to our core mandate to stakeholders. They speak to how we do what we do. Outcomes
Director of Marketing & Admissions Access Building a Full-Stack Application with React and Django Director of Business Development and
Outcomes Finance Our vision is one that strives to connect our African people to the future they envision for themselves.  This is the
goal in-front of us and it keeps us striving for more. Simply put…we will know we are succeeding when people working in tech in Africa
have the same earning potential as their global counterparts possessing the same aptitude and mindset. Product Through the introduction of
its 5-6 month Software Development, Data Science, Product Design, and Cyber Security Bootcamps, Moringa School embarked on a journey that
would integrate over 7,000+ learners from diverse backgrounds and experiences while channeling their motivation to learn and grow through
market-aligned curriculum, a learning approach that simulates practical on-the-job-experience, and a vibrant community of employer
partners, higher learning institutions, and other industry stakeholders. This approach ensured that graduating students were prepared to
take up their rightful place in the digital economy evidenced by the EdTech leader’s employment rate of 70% for all job-seeking alumni
within 12 months. Zoom Webinar Moringa School is a multi-disciplinary learning-accelerator committed to closing the skills-gap in Africa’s
job markets by delivering transformative tech-based learning to high-potential jobseekers; and on graduation connecting them to local and
international employers who desire high-quality tech talent Join our passionate, hardworking team and help Moringa School prepare learners
for their future careers in tech 0Positions Marketing Moringa School Graduation: Celebrating Success and Innovation Board Chairman
Director of Finance Visa Oshwal Community Centre Board Member, Co-founder People Admissions Our programs are rooted in an expectation of
excellence in teaching and learning. It is critical we uphold high standards and are able to show creativity and resourcefulness to
overcome challenges and fulfill our commitments to learners. Data Cleaning and Preprocessing for Machine Learning Explore latest events
Director of Product In 2014, Moringa School launched its maiden Software Development class in Kenya with a cohort of only four (4)
students and a vision for “A world in which anyone can create their future”. At that time, there was a growing demand for skilled tech
talent as companies increased investment in technology to gain a competitive advantage from their own digital transformation. This demand
was not being met by the available local talent due to a lack of skills…Something had to be done! Classroom To build talent and
opportunities through transformative tech-based learning experiences Board Member Gideon We receive numerous applications for our
openings. We purpose to give every application adequate consideration and only proceed to engage with our top most candidate profiles. You
think creatively and critically to problem solve You are keen to achieve results © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. You speak
openly, give and are open to constructive feedback Offer You value and see the importance of working with others Technical Interview
Moringa Culture is positive and collaborative. I enjoy the degree of control and freedom I have within Moringa and my manager trusts me
produce high-quality work which keeps me motivated and inspired to work I would describe Moringa School as a high speed rolling fire-ball
both luminates the way for tech leaders and also lights their candles. From the first day, you get immense and the interconnectedness
across teams shows how important every nut & bolt (you is important for the Moringa machine to run. Hybrid George You are always
stretching for higher goals We listen to market needs, continuously test our product offering and refine our learners’ experience. This
way, our learners are able to steer their learning towards a world in which anyone can create their future. Technical Mentor, Classroom
Team We invite all our top candidates to participate in a Work Assessment. The assessment will give you an opportunity to step into the
role of your interest by simulating scenarios and problems centered around the job for you to solve and interpret. Our assignments are
drawn from challenges we have already faced and resolved and are only used for the evaluation of thought processes and approaches. Work
Assessment The final stage is an offer to our top candidate and consequently, a robust onboarding process. Our recruitment process takes
between 4 weeks to 8 weeks.    For our Technical Mentor recruitment process, we include an Understudy step. Here, you will have an
opportunity to immerse yourself in the shoes of a Technical Mentor in real-time and engage with our students. This will be a great
opportunity to gain a comprehensive picture of what being a Technical Mentor entails. Rhona Over the years, we have been able to curate
the kind of persona that succeeds at Moringa School. Here are the traits that earmark a great employee at Moringa School: Moringa aims to
transform tech education in Africa by ensuring our learners are equipped with market aligned skills therefore increasing their
employability and developing tech entrepreneurs in Africa. Moringa has been like a school trip, seeing and learning new things all while
having fun and getting to know my team members better. There has also been a lot of fulfillment that comes with working with students. The
challenge me, which pushes me to ensure I learn more, dig deeper, and understand better, which translates to a lot of growth for me as an
individual. Countries Once we are able to establish that you are a technical fit for the role, you will have an opportunity to meet some
of the team members to give us insight on your working style, your values, how you build and sustain relationships, and how all these
aspects meshes with our organization. Admissions Technical Mentor, Classroom Professional Development Trainer, Product Moringans We curate
our interview process to ensure that we get the kind of people who are ready to roll up their sleeves and get right to work. Our interview
approach is “conversation-style” for you to share with us your authentic self, and have all our future employees interview us as much as
we interview them. At Moringa, we value connection and are keen on providing a wholesome work environment to our employees through
flexible working schedules, providing career development opportunities, a great work culture, and awesome employment benefits. Our team is
collaborative and supportive, and together we work towards reaching your full potential. Working for Moringa School has been an amazing
Journey from the start.  I enjoy being an advocate for my students by understanding their individual situations and finding solutions that
best fit their professional needs. I also enjoy the same amount of care and support I get from my team. While my duties vary, and on
occasion are demanding I have a feeling of satisfaction and fulfilment in whatever I do and I can still create a routine that balances my
professional and personal priorities. Culture - Team Fit Interview You self-lead and require little nudging to get things going. You
strive to be excellent in all your work You know their strengths, weaknesses and how to leverage each to be the best version of yourself
Felix You learn and developing self continuously Review Women Assessments are evaluated by the hiring team and only assignments that meet
specific standards will allow applicants to move to this stage. At this stage, you will have the chance to walk the hiring team through
your thought process and we will delve further into your capabilities, what you are great at - “glow areas” and areas of learning “grow
areas”. Yes, you will get a digital certificate after the successful completion of the program. A physical certificate can be printed for
you at your cost. With in-person learning, we factor in the utilities and operational costs that help us maintain a great learning
environment for our students while being physically present in our premises. We also pay keen attention to the spacing among students
during in-person instruction to promote social distancing. No, we currently don’t provide accommodation. However, there are a number of
private hostels along Ngong road, which are close to the school. Our course introduces you to basic programming. This course is for
beginners to learn the fundamentals of programming and for more established developers to sharpen their grasp of front-end skills. Visit
the courses page to learn more. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. We offer financial aid to our students on a need and merit
basis. The options that are currently available include partial scholarships for Moringa Prep and student loans for Moringa Core. For more
information on financial aid please visit ourfinancial aid page using this link No, we do not provide data bundles for all students,
regardless of mode of study, who have enrolled in Moringa That depends entirely on your aptitude and attitude. While we provide world-
class teachers and experts to support you, the learning is on you. We put in our best and we expect you to put in yours as well. We do not
guarantee jobs but we will help facilitate the process by assisting in your professional development, providing resume-writing workshops,
optimizing your LinkedIn profile, conducting mock interviews, and hosting recruitment drives with our employer partners. Moringa School’s
remote classes are done live and online; with daily sessions where learners ask questions and interact with tutors and fellow students.
The program pacing and course content for both remote and in-person classes are the same. For the in-person classes, students are allowed
to be on our premises 2 days per week where they get to meet and interact with their trainers – for the remaining 3 days of the week you
will still have live and instructor-led classes but they will be delivered online. For remote classes, all class interactions happen live
and in real-time online. Remote classes cost Ksh 174,000. Hybrid and part-time classes cost Ksh 200,000. At Moringa School, we believe in
your potential. Like traditional universities, we teach you the theory to help you understand different coding languages and their
importance. But the bulk of our course is focused on teaching you the practical skills necessary for the job market. Yes. For our
Core(Advanced) modules, you can pay in 3 monthly installments. Upfront payment is only required for the prep modules which are the entry
points to our curriculum. NO. What we guarantee is career-ready skills. Our courses are practical and relevant to the market. That is why
many of our graduates find jobs. Moringa School offers support through training and informing graduates of job opportunities. Graduates
then apply and some get these jobs. Other graduates have found jobs without our direct support while others have ventured into freelancing
and entrepreneurship. Moringa School is proud to have helped all these brilliant young people achieve their career goals. Moringa School
is registered in Kenya by the Technical & Vocational Education and Training Authority(TVETA). However, we DO NOT offer academic
qualifications that can be exchanged for credits in our local colleges and universities. We are in the process of working with TVETA to
have our training standards certified which means that we will become the to-go-to when it comes to tech training standards in Kenya.
Additionally, we encourage and assist our students to build their portfolios which is a better marketing tool e.g in a course like
Software Development which involves coming up with independent projects that build up technical skills. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. NO. All enrolling students are required to pay upfront tuition of Ksh 43,000 for live online classes and KSh 50,000 for hybrid
in-person classes by the last Friday before a Prep class starts. We are currently registered under TVET (Technical and Vocational
Education and Training). We require all our students to have gone through high school as is required by law (TVET) and should be computer
proficient. Yes, you can book your appointment online. In the calendar invite we send you after your application or registration, there is
a link to a Google Hangouts link that we can use to facilitate the interview. Or we can schedule a google call with you at your own
convenience Got any questions about what financial aid option would work best for you? Reach out to us
onstudentfinancing@moringaschool.comand schedule an appointment with one of our admissions advisors © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. The aim of our Financial Aid Program is to make the courses and skills training done in Moringa School accessible to people who
would otherwise be excluded from the digital revolution due to current financial constraints. With the following Student Financing
options, we can help you navigate around your fees so that you can concentrate on your Moringa education. Applications for  February 26th,
2024 class ongoing Learners in Moringa are able to develop confidence in their capabilities through an open and exploratory environment
that promotes equality and diversity on their journey to acquiring the skills for career readiness. This is what ultimately enables them
to unlock their potential by getting the competence and confidence to build better futures for themselves and their loved ones. A baseline
employment rate of 85% for all job-seeking alumni within 12 months of graduating all but confirms that a Moringa education is worth it! In
order for you to be considered for the Soma Education Loan you will be required to meet all our eligibility criteria and be accepted into
the program of choice Download Flyer → © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Moringa has partnered with Aspira to make tuition fee
access easier for you. Students and alumni of Moringa can now apply for a low-interest-based loan with zero application fees to finance
their tuition fees. More information regarding the Soma Education Loan can be foundhere.  Health-E-Net +254-700-297-213 © 2024 Moringa
School. All rights reserved. When you hire a Moringa graduate, you get an ambitious, passionate person with the willingness to grow. They
are not scared to make mistakes, own up to them, and learn from them. Besides this, they do their work with a smile, for being a developer
is a true calling for them. This makes them a good fit into our company culture.- Lieke Aarninkhof, HR Manager Incentro Africa Reach to us
on email Reach us and get access to a thriving community of tech talent. We are glad we decided to work with [Moringa] for our junior and
mid-level developer recruitment needs. We appreciate their attention to detail, quality work, and ease of fitting into our processes.
Thanks so much for doing a great job!!-William Wamwalo, Business Systems Manager, Health-E-Net An outcomes-based approach Allied to
technical skill development, our students go throughproject-based workandcritical life skill educationapplicable to real-world industry
scenarios. Reach to us on phone Moringa helps fast-growing businesses recruit and hire engineering talent We have a vast pool of
candidates that are at different stages in their career journey so if you need junior developers and data scientists or if you’re looking
for more senior people…our graduate support team will help you meet your hiring needs. In a survey of major tech employers in East Africa,
a CS degree combined with the Moringa Bootcamp is the most attractive profile for those recruiting junior developers and data scientists.
This is because we maintain a strong and established connection with key industry figures who help in developing our curriculum in line
with industry trends and the current demands of the African job market. We aim to ensure learners are best prepared for an ever-evolving
industry with the right foundation to find long-term success in their chosen career pathway. We understand that a leaner is best served in
their development through a blended learning approach. outcomes@moringaschool.com Our graduates have been hired at top companies Incentro
Africa Our Career Services Department keeps track of all our alumni and their development journey post their Moringa Education. Visa
Oshwal Community Centre © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Zoom Webinar Building a Full-Stack Application with React and Django
Data Cleaning and Preprocessing for Machine Learning Moringa School Graduation: Celebrating Success and Innovation This interactive
workshop will guide participants through the process of building a full-stack application using the popular JavaScript library React and
the Python web framework Django. Through hands-on practice and expert guidance, participants will learn the fundamentals of both
technologies and gain the skills necessary to create modern, dynamic web applications. This interactive workshop will guide participants
through the process of building a full-stack application using the popular JavaScript library React and the Python web framework Django.
Through hands-on practice and expert guidance, participants will learn the fundamentals of both technologies and gain the skills necessary
to create modern, dynamic web applications. Workshop Objectives: @ 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm Join Us 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm © 2024 Moringa School. All
rights reserved. Zoom Webinar Workshop Objectives: 18 Jan, 2024| 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm 18 Jan, 2024 This interactive workshop will guide
participants through the process of building a full-stack application using the popular JavaScript library React and the Python web
framework Django. Through hands-on practice and expert guidance, participants will learn the fundamentals of both technologies and gain
the skills necessary to create modern, dynamic web applications. This interactive workshop will guide participants through the process of
building a full-stack application using the popular JavaScript library React and the Python web framework Django. Through hands-on
practice and expert guidance, participants will learn the fundamentals of both technologies and gain the skills necessary to create
modern, dynamic web applications. Workshop Objectives: @ 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm Join Us 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. Zoom Webinar Workshop Objectives: 18 Jan, 2024| 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm 18 Jan, 2024 13 Jan, 2024| 10:00 am - 12:00 pm 13 Jan, 2024
10:00 am - 12:00 pm @ 10:00 am - 12:00 pm © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Join Us The webinar aims to provide participants
with a comprehensive understanding of the importance of data cleaning and preprocessing in the machine learning workflow. Attendees will
learn practical techniques and best practices to enhance the quality of their datasets, leading to more robust and accurate machine-
learning models Zoom Webinar 13 Jan, 2024| 10:00 am - 12:00 pm 13 Jan, 2024 10:00 am - 12:00 pm @ 10:00 am - 12:00 pm © 2024 Moringa
School. All rights reserved. Join Us The webinar aims to provide participants with a comprehensive understanding of the importance of data
cleaning and preprocessing in the mach