D pipeline, automating various processes, and solving any issues that arise during the development, deployment, or
maintenance phase. You will also be provided with hands-on examples of CI/CD tools to ensure that you interlink the business mindset and
technology to improve efficiency in your Engineering teams. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. As a DevOps engineer, you possess
extensive knowledge of the software development life cycle (SDLC). Huge demand for DevOps Experts– DevOps Engineers topped the list of
LinkedIn’s Emerging Jobs and highest salary tech jobs due to their specialized skillset.Vulnerability Management– In Development
Operations (DevOps), engineers build processes and streamline automation to optimize the software development lifecycle and protect
against vulnerabilities.Process Improvements– DevOps Engineers use feedback, collaboration, ingenuity, and lean and agile methodologies to
continuously improve all stages of software development.Favorable job opportunities– Most recently, companies are willing to adopt DevOps
practices and tools to increase productivity and better Return on Investment (ROI). DevOps is getting increasingly popular, and more tech
companies are hiring tech talent who know about DevOps. Find out the pacing options available, price, and more information about this
course. Our DevOps Engineering Online Course is ideal for those who want to fast-track their careers in Software Development. People
working in the following roles will benefit the most from the DevOps Course:-Junior Web DevelopersJunior Software EngineersIT
SpecialistsSoftware DevelopersSystems Administrators and IT ManagersCloud EngineersData Engineers Moringa is one of the most successful
tech bootcamps in Africa. With a blended learning approach, we have trained top tech talent locally & globally. Our Technical Instructors
will cover DevOps concepts in an easy-to-understand language. For 8 weeks, you’ll learn the principles of DevOps, Cloud Computing,
continuous development and deployment, automation of configuration management, inter-team collaboration, and IT service agility using
popular DevOps tools such as Git, Docker, Jenkins, and more. Moringa is one of the most successful tech bootcamps in Africa. With a
blended learning approach, we have trained top tech talent locally & globally.Practical hands-on learningWork on a portfolio of DevOps
Engineering projectsLive Lectures from a Senior DevOps Engineer with experience working in both local & global tech companiesDedicated
Technical mentor supportRecognized certificate upon completion of the courseAccess to a vast alumni network of Software Engineers, Data
Scientists, Safaricom Digital Academy Alumni Our DevOps Engineering Online Course is ideal for those who want to fast-track their careers
in Software Development. People working in the following roles will benefit the most from the DevOps Course:- For 8 weeks, you’ll learn
the principles of DevOps, Cloud Computing, continuous development and deployment, automation of configuration management, inter-team
collaboration, and IT service agility using popular DevOps tools such as Git, Docker, Jenkins, and more. Part-time Classes DevOps
EngineerIT Systems ArchitectAutomation ArchitectRelease ManagerDevOps Test EngineerDevOps Cloud EngineerDevOps ArchitectCloud Security
Specialist You will be responsible for implementing various automation tools and processes to resolve complex operations problems. This
course will prepare you for a career in DevOps, one of the fastest-growing fields in tech. You will also be provided with hands-on
examples on CI/CD tools to ensure that you interlink the business mindset and technology to improve efficiency in your Engineering teams.
Ksh 55,000 Application ongoing for theMarch 25 2024intake DevOps Engineers help companies get more done at a faster pace by
revolutionizing software development and deployment through the elimination of the conflicts between development and operations teams 8
weeks Live & Online | Mon – Fri from 6pm – 9pm (live lectures & Technical Mentor Support)  Students are required to commit at least 30
hours every week to learning. Lecture sessions take place between Mondays – Fridays between 9.00 am – 5.00 pm. Additional hours and
support will be availed on Saturdays upon request. An Ethical Hacker, also known as a White Hat Hacker, identifies and exploits
vulnerabilities in computer systems and networks with the permission of the owner, to help improve security defenses and protect against
malicious hackers. Ksh 200,000Introductory Fee Offer – Ksh 170,000 © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. CompTIA The tuition & exam
fees can be paid in full before start of class or in installments.Download thefee payment planfor more details. Online Classes every Mon –
Fri from 9.00 am – 5.00 pm ( live lectures, self-learning, and Technical Mentor Support available) A DevSecOps Engineer integrates
security practices into the software development and operations process, ensuring that security is prioritized throughout the entire
development lifecycle, from coding to deployment. In this course, you will learn from CompTIA-certified and experienced trainers to gain
in-demand skills that prepare you for well-paying jobs like cybersecurity analyst, security operations center (SOC) analyst, and many
more. By the end of the 18 weeks, learners will earn a certificate of completion from Moringa and a Security + certification from CompTIA.
Students are required to commit at least 30 hours every week to learning. Lecture sessions take place between Mondays – Fridays between
9.00 am – 5.00 pm. Additional hours and support will be availed on Saturdays upon request.Blended learning:- group work, self-learning and
lectures hours, project days.Learners are expected to use the weekend to work on their summative assessments, and projects ahead of
deadlinesLearners will undergo Soft skills training where they will get the necessary professional skills required for future
employment.Learners will get exam vouchers & prep sessions ahead of the certificate examination day Your pathway to earning the most in-
demand Security+ certification Anyone with an IT, networking, software, or computer background looking to start a career in cybersecurity
is encouraged to apply. No one is left out – our programs are well-designed for career switchers. SOC AnalystCybersecurity
ConsultantInformation security analystNetwork Security EngineerComputer Forensics InvestigatorEthical HackerDevSecOps Engineer This course
covers all the aspects required for a cybersecurity specialist.You will learn cybersecurity fundamentals, get a deep dive into the
cybersecurity kill chain, and discover malicious tools that hackers use. Learners will also work on practicals through weekly labs &
projects with unlimited access to TyHack Me Labs. By the end of the course coverage, you will be taken through exam prep sessions in
readiness for the Security+ Certification exams. An Information Security Analyst safeguards an organization’s data by designing and
implementing security measures, analyzing vulnerabilities, and responding to incidents to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and
availability of information. A Network Security Engineer designs, implements, and manages security solutions for an organization’s network
infrastructure, focusing on preventing unauthorized access, securing data transmission, and defending against cyber threats. USD 176 A SOC
(Security Operations Center) Analyst monitors and analyzes an organization’s digital infrastructure to identify and respond to potential
security threats, investigating incidents and ensuring the overall safety of the network and systems. This course has been designed in
partnership with CompTIA[the world’s leading organization in providing a wide range of technology training & certifications in
cybersecurity]. The CompTIA Security+ is a global certification that validates the baseline skills necessary to perform core security
functions and pursue an IT security career. This is the best course to kickstart your career in cybersecurity, apart from the world-class
curriculum, Moringa School guarantees you the following:- Full-Time Classes Have basic computer skills.Proficiency in English – both
spoken and written.Must have a computer or laptop ( core i5 – i7, 8GB RAM, 500GB memory).All classes are fully online. You are required to
have access to stable internet.Must have a desire and curiosity to learn.Availability to attend all classes. This course covers all the
aspects required for a cybersecurity specialist. Applications have been closed 18 weeks You will learn cybersecurity fundamentals, get a
deep dive into the cybersecurity kill chain, and discover malicious tools that hackers use. Learners will also work on practicals through
weekly labs & projects with unlimited access to TyHack Me Labs. By the end of the course coverage, you will be taken through exam prep
sessions in readiness for the Security+ Certification exams. A Computer Forensics Investigator collects and analyzes digital evidence from
electronic devices, such as computers and mobile devices, to uncover and document information relevant to legal or investigative
proceedings. This course has been designed in partnership with CompTIA[the world’s leading organization in providing a wide range of
technology training & certifications in cybersecurity]. The CompTIA Security+ is a global certification that validates the baseline skills
necessary to perform core security functions and pursue an IT security career. This is the best course to kickstart your career in
cybersecurity, apart from the world-class curriculum, Moringa School guarantees you the following:-Practical & project-based
learningAccess to industry-relevant cybersecurity labs & projects on Try Hack Me LabsDedicated Technical mentor supportHighly Discounted
Exam vouchers to sit for the certification exam in comparison to the market priceDual certification – A certificate of completion from
Moringa & Security + from CompTIAComprehensive training & preparation for the CompTIA Security+ Certification exams In search of an
industry-aligned cybersecurity course that is not just about theory but the practicals as well? This 18-week Cybersecurity Course helps
prepare you for the CompTIA Security+ certification [the world’s leading certification body for cybersecurity roles]. See the pacing
options available, price, and more information about this course below; A Cybersecurity Consultant provides expert advice to organizations
on enhancing their security posture, offering assessments, recommendations, and strategies to mitigate risks and protect sensitive data.
The curriculum has been designed by Moringa School in partnership withCompTIA. As a learner, you will be fully trained by certified
technical mentors & instructors to complete the theory and practicals for this course. After completing the course content you will be in
the best position to sit for the CompTIA Security + certification exams.  Find out the pacing options available, the price, and more
information about this course. Ksh 150, 000 © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. You will create wireframes and introduce
aesthetics and delightful details into products. Ultimately, UX researchers take the guesswork out of the design process, making sure that
the team has enough information to make data-informed product decisions. Our course is designed to fit around busy schedules, with evening
and weekend classes available to ensure maximum flexibility. Flatiron School Get ready to design life-changing user experiences for
digital products and websites Whether you are a beginner looking to start a career in product design(UI/UX) or an experienced designer
looking to refine your skills, this course will provide you with the knowledge and tools you need to take your product design to the next
level. In Phase 3, students will apply what they learned about the UX and UI process to create a complete set of deliverables. Students
will begin with a project brief and deliver research-informed solutions using the product design process. Students will learn how to talk
about their design choices and communicate users’ needs to other stakeholders. This program comprises five phases. Phases 1 and 2 teach
the fundamental methods, tools, and principles that guide the UX and UI processes. Phases 3 and 4 includes studio experience through
rigorous projects that allow you to employ your new techniques and skills. And in the final phase, you will pull your body of work into a
portfolio to prepare for entry into the job market UX researchers conduct research with real users, gathering both qualitative and
quantitative data about how people think, feel, and behave. They then share this data with the product team, to help everyone understand
the target audience and to inform a user-centric design strategy. Monday to Thursday – 6 pm to 9 pm (Live lectures and technical mentor
support)Saturday – 9 am to 1 pm (Live lectures and Technical mentor support) UX Design is one of ten in-demand tech skills, according to
LinkedIn, making this a worthy field for any creative looking for their next career move. This program will give you a strong foundation
in Product Designer skills by focusing on design thinking, user-centered design, and foundational visual design. You will be prepared for
jobs such as: UX strategy can be thought of as the convergence of UX design and business strategy. UX strategists bring a user-centered
mindset to the boardroom, while also making sure that the design team is working with the business goals in mind. All students are
required to complete the introduction before the start of Phase 1 to have a working knowledge of UX and UI processes. During Phase 0,
students prepare for success by familiarizing themselves with the tools and processes they will utilize during the Product Design course
including Figma and Webflow. In Phase 2, students will learn the essential components of the UI (User Interface) design process, including
standard tools, best practices, and deliverables. Students will learn the fundamentals of interface design, including design principles,
typography, and design patterns, to create beautiful mockups that are a joy to view and use. As a UX designer, your job will be to create
functional, reliable, and usable products. Our part-time Product Design(UI/UX) course is designed to fit around busy schedules, with
evening and weekend classes available to ensure maximum flexibility. It will prepare you to become an end-to-end Product Designer by
learning UX and UI design. You will learn the principles of designing digital products such as mobile apps, websites, or software, that
are not only visually appealing but also highly functional and user-friendly. Applications ongoing forMay 6th, 2024 In Phase 5, students
will create and launch an online portfolio of their best work. They will author a case study that explains the insights and decisions they
made during the product design process. This program will challenge students to talk competently about their work and to communicate their
strengths in UX and UI as they prepare to enter the job market. You will be prepared for jobs such as:UX DesignerProduct DesignerFull-
Stack Designer This course is ideal for:Young high school/university graduates looking to get into techWorking professionals or career
switchers who are looking for a fast tech skill to learn while continuing to workEntrepreneurs and small business owners who want to
create their own productsFront End Web developers who are looking to improve their skills in designThose who have no interest in coding
but would like to get into tech (Marketing, Graphic Design, Engineering, Product Managers) This course is ideal for: 28 weeks In Phase 4,
students will direct a project from start to finish while exploring essential skills like presentation strategies, effective
communication, and design ethics. This phase will challenge students to meet the complex needs of a real-world problem. You will also be
tasked with creating accessible and beautiful interfaces. In Phase 1, students will learn the essential components of the UX (User
Experience) Design process, including standard tools, best practices, and deliverables. Students will learn how to conduct research and
interpret findings and create the assets necessary to communicate their ideas and insights to other project stakeholders.  Find out the
pacing options available, the price, and more information about this course. Whether you are a beginner looking to start a career in
product design or an experienced designer looking to refine your skills, this course will provide you with the knowledge and tools you
need to take your product design to the next level. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. You will create wireframes and introduce
aesthetics and delightful details into products. Ultimately, UX researchers take the guesswork out of the design process, making sure that
the team has enough information to make data-informed product decisions. Flatiron School 22 Weeks Get ready to design life-changing user
experiences for digital products and websites In Phase 3, students will apply what they learned about the UX and UI process to create a
complete set of deliverables. Students will begin with a project brief and deliver research-informed solutions using the product design
process. Students will learn how to talk about their design choices and communicate users’ needs to other stakeholders. Ksh 130, 000 UX
researchers conduct research with real users, gathering both qualitative and quantitative data about how people think, feel, and behave.
They then share this data with the product team, to help everyone understand the target audience and to inform a user-centric design
strategy. UX Design is one of ten in-demand tech skills, according to LinkedIn, making this a worthy field for any creative looking for
their next career move. This program will give you a strong foundation in Product Designer skills by focusing on design thinking, user-
centered design, and foundational visual design. You will be prepared for jobs such as: UX strategy can be thought of as the convergence
of UX design and business strategy. UX strategists bring a user-centered mindset to the boardroom, while also making sure that the design
team is working with the business goals in mind. All students are required to complete the introduction before the start of Phase 1 to
have a working knowledge of UX and UI processes. During Phase 0, students prepare for success by familiarizing themselves with the tools
and processes they will utilize during the Product Design course including Figma and Webflow. Applications ongoing for theMarch 11th,
2024intake In Phase 2, students will learn the essential components of the UI (User Interface) design process, including standard tools,
best practices, and deliverables. Students will learn the fundamentals of interface design, including design principles, typography, and
design patterns, to create beautiful mockups that are a joy to view and use. As a UX designer, your job will be to create functional,
reliable, and usable products. This program comprises five phases. Phases 1 and 2 teach the fundamental methods, tools, and principles
that guide the UX and UI processes. Phases 3 and 4 include studio experience through rigorous projects that allow you to employ your new
techniques and skills. In the final phase, you will pull your body of work into a portfolio to prepare for entry into the job market. This
course is ideal for:Young high school/university graduates looking to get into techEntry-level professionals who are looking to transition
into techEntrepreneurs and small business owners who want to create their own productsProfessionals interested in changing their career
and looking for a fast tech skill to learn or who want to expand their skill set and understanding of product design(Marketing, Graphic
Design, Engineering, Product Managers)Front End Web developers who are looking to improve their skills in design In Phase 5, students will
create and launch an online portfolio of their best work. They will author a case study that explains the insights and decisions they made
during the product design process. This program will challenge students to talk competently about their work and to communicate their
strengths in UX and UI as they prepare to enter the job market. You will be prepared for jobs such as:UX DesignerProduct DesignerFull-
Stack Designer This course is ideal for: In Phase 4, students will direct a project from start to finish while exploring essential skills
like presentation strategies, effective communication, and design ethics. This phase will challenge students to meet the complex needs of
a real-world problem. Online You will also be tasked with creating accessible and beautiful interfaces. In Phase 1, students will learn
the essential components of the UX (User Experience) Design process, including standard tools, best practices, and deliverables. Students
will learn how to conduct research and interpret findings and create the assets necessary to communicate their ideas and insights to other
project stakeholders. Our Product Design(UI/UX) program will prepare you to become an end-to-end Product Designer by learning UX and UI
design. You will learn the principles of designing digital products such as mobile apps, websites, or software, that are not only visually
appealing but also highly functional and user-friendly. Applications ongoing for theMarch 11th, 2024intake © 2024 Moringa School. All
rights reserved. Applications ongoing forMay 6th, 2024 Applications for this class have been closed. Applications have been closed Become
an AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner | No prior experience in programming is required Our comprehensive Data Analytics for HR Professionals
Masterclass is designed specifically for HR practitioners who seek to leverage the power of data to transform HR practices. © 2024 Moringa
School. All rights reserved. In a world driven by AI, the ability to communicate effectively with AI models is a game-changer. Our course
offers a unique blend of theoretical understanding and practical application. The business intelligence (BI) sector is expanding rapidly,
and an increasing number of hiring managers and recruiters are looking for professionals who are not only proficient in BI tools but also
possess certifications to back up their claims. Introducing the Mpesa Mini Apps & API Development, where innovation meets application!
Object Oriented Programming and Introduction to Node Future-Ready Skills: © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Introduction to
Mini-Apps By the end of the program, students at the Bronze level will have a portfolio showcasing front-end projects, illustrating thier
proficiency in mini-applications development and the React JavaScript Framework through the delivery of a mini-application.Moringa’s
teaching model, the hands-on project based approach ensures the students progressively build on each week’s knowledge in a simulated tech
work-place environment. Front_end Javascript and Intro to React Anyone with an IT related course with no practical programming experience
or a self taught developer with no work experience. Career professionals with non-tech backgrounds looking to transition into tech careers
are also encouraged to apply. Have basic computer skills.Proficiency in English – both spoken and written.Machine minimum specifications
with Admin-permissions:8GB RAM~256GB HDD SSDUbuntu or Mac (Special cases for Windows)Functional understanding of at least one operating
system (Windows, macOS)for Linux users, they can use platforms like wine to leverage the Windows IDE..All classes are fully online. You
are required to have access to a stable internet.Must have a desire and curiosity to learn.Availability to attend all classes. In
partnership with; By the end of the program, students at the Bronze level will have a portfolio showcasing front-end projects,
illustrating their proficiency in mini-application development and the React JavaScript Framework through the delivery of a mini-
application.Moringa’s teaching model, the hands-on project-based approach ensures the students progressively build on each week’s
knowledge in a simulated tech workplace environment. Pioneering Mini-Apps Learning:Explore groundbreaking mini-applications development, a
first in Africa, in collaboration with Mpesa Africa, ensuring you stay at the forefront of industry trends.Real-World Readiness:Partnering
with Mpesa Africa ensures a curriculum that aligns with industry needs, giving you practical insights and knowledge through access to
industry-relevant labs and projects directly from the hiring partner.Future-Ready Skills:Gain insight into cross-platform super
applications, positioning yourself for success with a unique blend of industry collaboration, practical & project-based learning
experience, and forward-looking tech skills.Career Opportunities:A chance to work with MPesa Africa in the future Mini Applications
ProjectsCertification – A chance to get certified a