Following the live feature ban on TikTok in Kenya, Moringa School's Product Design (UI/UX) students are leading a captivating case study
to make TikTok safer and more age-appropriate, especially for younger users. Their mission is to revamp the app for the Kenyan market,
addressing pressing needs. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. With the constant threat of cyberattacks and data breaches,
organizations are constantly on the lookout for skilled professionals who can safeguard their digital assets. Explore the various
cybersecurity certifications and career pathways available to aspiring professionals. Most Preferred Corporate Training Institution 2021
Enroll now for theFebruary 12th, 2024intake Moringa Named as World Technology Pioneers in 2021 For sure Moringa school has really
contributed a lot to my profession. First by equipping me with the proper knowledge and skill needed in the current industry. The process
of them linking you to the employers made everything even better by giving us a smooth transition to the industry in terms of getting a
job without any stress. Enrolled Students Intake is ongoing for theFebruary 26th, 2024Class When I joined Moringa School, I was quite
overwhelmed at first because it’s fast-paced and it’s not like the traditional learning model I was used to. Here we have Technical
Mentors who guide you through the curriculum and are there if you need any help. They encourage you to think for yourself, take initiative
and they guide you with your own learning pace. See, I’m not a math person but I managed to do this as I’m surrounded by very smart and
passionate people who always support me. Through support and consistent practice, I have been able to understand the concept of Data
Science and apply it in various scenarios. It’s actually a very interesting and fun concept as here, we’re able to experiment with
different, real-life data sets. Our Career Day events and recruitment drives have helped over 85% of our core graduates find meaningful
employment within 6-months post-graduation New Program Alert! A New Full-Stack Software Development Course by Moringa and Flatiron
SchoolSee Details Employer Partners 3000+ We believe that quality education should be accessible to all who want to learn regardless of
their financial circumstances. Your Moringa education will now be made affordable and accessible through a number of Student Financing
options such as Loans and Partial Scholarships. The digital and data revolution provides massive opportunities for finance functions and
accounting professionals as you will understand in Stephen's story. Enjoy the read! 300+ Before Moringa School, I was a computer science
student but then I decided to join a coding boot camp to gain practical skills. After the program, I did so well that I got an offer to
join as a technical mentor. Life for me has never been the same since them. I love coding and would definitely encourage more girls to
join the program. Higher Education Tech Leader 2021 In Moringa we are transforming the way tech education is done in African Markets.All
our programs are delivered through a blended learning approach that combines market-aligned courses, a classroom team of talented mentors
with the skills and knowledge to deliver growth and results for learners, and an environment that supports student creativity, job market
preparation in a fun, open, and transformative learning experience. We celebrate our diversity and value strong, professional
relationships that help our students build their futures with greater confidence, capability, and possibility. 85% Applications have been
closed Moringa school helped me in so many ways, but I think the most important one is the data science pipeline(in a nutshell). I am now
able to do analysis projects with ease. I am now working for Eneza Education, an ed-tech company as a Business Intelligence Engineer. Yes!
I would suggest the course to anyone who would want to pursue Data Science. I developed an interest in Data Science and I started looking
at options on where I could do it. Moringa School came to mind because I had heard of so many good reviews about their programs. My
initial expectation was that I would be here to learn more about exploratory data analysis and understand more about machine learning
using R. The quality of our programs and their impact on learners is a direct reflection of who we are and our ability to consistently
meet the objectives we set for our students. In the age of cloud computing, data safety is a top priority for people and organizations.
Cloud security is an ongoing activity, and staying vigilant in opposition to emerging threats and evolving technology is fundamental to
safeguarding your information within the cloud. Through market-aligned skills training, we help learners build new career possibilities
with greater confidence and capability. Moringa listed among the most promising EdTech startups from Sub-Saharan Africa by HolonIQ Let’s
embark on a journey into the enchanting realm of SQLAlchemy, where Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) adds a layer of magic to database
interactions. We’ll unravel the secrets of configuring Mapped Classes, the wizards behind the scenes. Understanding ORM Mapped Classes In
SQLAlchemy, Mapped Classes serve as the bridge between the world of objects in your […] 4000+ Applications for this course have been
closed. Discover how Michael Munavu, a Moringa School graduate, is revolutionizing agriculture through innovative technology. Explore his
inspiring journey and the impact of his digital transformation on farming practices in this captivating article A lot of newbie designers
misunderstand the terms UI and UX to mean the same thing and often use the two words interchangeably. The first step to creating life-
changing user experiences using digital products is to understand the difference between these two terms. So let’s dive right in! User
Experience (UX) At the crux of […] Edtech Leader Moringa has launched a comprehensive suite of training courses in Artificial Intelligence
for the student and professional market to build on its diverse range of offerings including Full full-stack software Engineering, Data
Science, UI/UX Product Design, Cybersecurity, DevOps, etc. Enroll now for theMarch 18th, 2024intake Book Your Seat forFebruary 26th, 2024
Graduates Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) is a technique that lets you query and manipulate data from a database using an object-oriented
paradigm. When talking about ORM, most people are referring to a library that implements the Object-Relational Mapping technique, hence
the phrase “an ORM”. An ORM library is a completely ordinary library written in your language of choice that encapsulates […] Employment
Rate Intake is ongoing for theFebruary 26th, 2024Class Applications for this course have been closed. Enroll now for theMarch 18th,
2024intake Book Your Seat forFebruary 26th, 2024 Application ongoing for theMarch 25 2024intake © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. Next Intake starts onFebruary 12th, 2024 Enroll now for theFebruary 12th, 2024intake  You’ll master Flask, a Python web
framework, before using it to create their own JSON API along with scalable front ends with React, creating slick, functional, and
interactive applications. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. You’ll gain a thorough understanding of back end development basics,
while learning a new language, Python. Next, learners will get comfortable with object-oriented programming and storing information in
databases using SQL and object relational mapping. Front-end developers create websites and applications that match user needs and
expectations. Back-end developers create the logic that instructs applications on how to interpret user input and what feedback to give to
the user after executing the submitted request. Intake is ongoing for theFebruary 26th, 2024Class Our Full Stack Software Engineering
Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can become a full-stack developer. It’s a more extensive
course of study than the average school offers but our goal is to teach you more than simply knowing how to code The Full-Stack Software
Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies using Python. Roles include designing the structure of
websites and apps, optimising for mobile devices, and creating features that promote ease of use. FlatIron School Find out the pacing
options available, price, and more information about this course; It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply
code but how to learn and tackle novel problems. By the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. Students explore
version control using git commands including cloning, branching, merging, rolling back commits, forking, and submitting pull requests.
Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux Frameworks. This Course is curated for those who want
to:Avoid the daily commute by studying from homeLearn with a diverse community of African studentsBuild and style interactive websites &
web applications Africa’s top Tech Bootcamp – Moringa School teams up with America’s Top Tech Bootcamp – Flatiron School, to bring you
this 23-week Software Engineering Course that puts you on the path to career freedom! Students master the basic building blocks of how the
web is rendered and become fluent in the language that makes the web beautiful. They additionally learn how to conceive of and build UIs
for web apps by writing well-structured HTML and CSS. JavaScript powers the user experience of the web. Students learn the basics of
JavaScript syntax, its functional architecture, and dierent approaches to the object model. Students then learn the Document Object Model
(DOM) Javascript API provided by the browser to dynamically interact with HTML. Students use native “vanilla” JavaScript (versus a
library). Students then explore the popular Javascript framework React. USD 1740 (Ksh 174,000)Installment plans are available onthe
installment plans document To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge that
you’re given. In our program, you’ll hone communication and collaboration skills, and you’ll become part of the technical community as you
build and share a Github portfolio. Front-end developers are good in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other front-end frameworks and
technologies They are good at creating algorithms that fetch and manipulate data stored in database systems using backend frameworks like
Ruby, Python, and SQL. This Course is curated for those who want to: Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask,
JSON, and Redux Frameworks.The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies
using Python.It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and tackle novel problems. By
the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. 23 Weeks Learners will experience ReactJS, a component-based
JavaScript framework, and have the opportunity to pick up key industry skills by building a project that interacts with an API The program
completes with a large-scale group project that will be guided by your technical instructor. You’ll receive plenty of instructor feedback
along the way while diving deep into various advanced technologies needed to bring your concepts to life. Practical Hands-on LearningGet
job-ready with practical, hands-on learning. You’ll learn the in-demand market languages and skills, labs, and real-world portfolio
development.Technical Mentorship Schedule1:1s with your instructor to work on technical concepts, plan out your pacing or check-in about
your program milestones.Learn in CommunityYou may be learning online, but you’re not alone. You can schedule 1:1s with your instructor for
added guidance 3. 1:1Career Coaching and Graduate SupportReceive career coaching and job-hunting support for up to 12 months post
graduation To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge you are given.
Communication and collaboration skills, building a project portfolio on Github, and being part of the tech community are some additional
aspects of becoming a successful software engineer. Kickstart your journey with us. Become acertified professionalin the most exciting
careers of today and tomorrow Become a Moringa Certified Software Developer and enjoy up to 12 months of alumni support from our Career
Services Department.  You’ll master Flask, a Python web framework, before using it to create their own JSON API along with scalable front
ends with React, creating slick, functional, and interactive applications. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. You’ll gain a
thorough understanding of back end development basics, while learning a new language, Python. Next, learners will get comfortable with
object-oriented programming and storing information in databases using SQL and object relational mapping. Front-end developers create
websites and applications that match user needs and expectations. Back-end developers create the logic that instructs applications on how
to interpret user input and what feedback to give to the user after executing the submitted request. Intake is ongoing for theFebruary
26th, 2024Class Our Full Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can
become a full-stack developer. It’s a more extensive course of study than the average school offers but our goal is to teach you more than
simply knowing how to code The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies
using Python. Roles include designing the structure of websites and apps, optimising for mobile devices, and creating features that
promote ease of use. FlatIron School Find out the pacing options available, price, and more information about this course; It is an
extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and tackle novel problems. By the end of your course,
you will graduate as a full-stack developer. Students explore version control using git commands including cloning, branching, merging,
rolling back commits, forking, and submitting pull requests. Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and
Redux Frameworks. This Course is curated for those who want to:Avoid the daily commute by studying from homeLearn with a diverse community
of African studentsBuild and style interactive websites & web applications Africa’s top Tech Bootcamp – Moringa School teams up with
America’s Top Tech Bootcamp – Flatiron School, to bring you this 23-week Software Engineering Course that puts you on the path to career
freedom! Students master the basic building blocks of how the web is rendered and become fluent in the language that makes the web
beautiful. They additionally learn how to conceive of and build UIs for web apps by writing well-structured HTML and CSS. JavaScript
powers the user experience of the web. Students learn the basics of JavaScript syntax, its functional architecture, and dierent approaches
to the object model. Students then learn the Document Object Model (DOM) Javascript API provided by the browser to dynamically interact
with HTML. Students use native “vanilla” JavaScript (versus a library). Students then explore the popular Javascript framework React. USD
1740 (Ksh 174,000)Installment plans are available onthe installment plans document To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and
able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge that you’re given. In our program, you’ll hone communication and collaboration skills,
and you’ll become part of the technical community as you build and share a Github portfolio. Front-end developers are good in HTML, CSS,
JavaScript, and other front-end frameworks and technologies They are good at creating algorithms that fetch and manipulate data stored in
database systems using backend frameworks like Ruby, Python, and SQL. This Course is curated for those who want to: Course IncludesHTML,
CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux Frameworks.The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End
and Front-End programming technologies using Python.It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to
learn and tackle novel problems. By the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. 23 Weeks Learners will experience
ReactJS, a component-based JavaScript framework, and have the opportunity to pick up key industry skills by building a project that
interacts with an API The program completes with a large-scale group project that will be guided by your technical instructor. You’ll
receive plenty of instructor feedback along the way while diving deep into various advanced technologies needed to bring your concepts to
life. Practical Hands-on LearningGet job-ready with practical, hands-on learning. You’ll learn the in-demand market languages and skills,
labs, and real-world portfolio development.Technical Mentorship Schedule1:1s with your instructor to work on technical concepts, plan out
your pacing or check-in about your program milestones.Learn in CommunityYou may be learning online, but you’re not alone. You can schedule
1:1s with your instructor for added guidance 3. 1:1Career Coaching and Graduate SupportReceive career coaching and job-hunting support for
up to 12 months post graduation To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge you
are given. Communication and collaboration skills, building a project portfolio on Github, and being part of the tech community are some
additional aspects of becoming a successful software engineer. Kickstart your journey with us. Become acertified professionalin the most
exciting careers of today and tomorrow Become a Moringa Certified Software Developer and enjoy up to 12 months of alumni support from our
Career Services Department.  You’ll master Flask, a Python web framework, before using it to create their own JSON API along with scalable
front ends with React, creating slick, functional, and interactive applications. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. This Course
is Curated for those who want to:Have in-person meetups with Technical Mentors & other studentsBuild and style interactive websites & web
applicationsHave the requisite skills for a career in software development This Course is Curated for those who want to: You’ll gain a
thorough understanding of back end development basics, while learning a new language, Python. Next, learners will get comfortable with
object-oriented programming and storing information in databases using SQL and object relational mapping. Front-end developers create
websites and applications that match user needs and expectations. All students are required to complete an introductory pre-work one week
before the start of class. During pre-work, students will get accustomed to our online learning management system (Canvas), set up their
computing environment, and familiarise themselves with the basics of the programming languages that will prepare them for day 1 of the
program. Back-end developers create the logic that instructs applications on how to interpret user input and what feedback to give to the
user after executing the submitted request. Intake is ongoing for theFebruary 26th, 2024Class Our Full Stack Software Engineering
Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can become a full-stack developer. It’s a more extensive
course of study than the average school offers but our goal is to teach you more than simply knowing how to code The Full-Stack Software
Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies using Python. Find out the pacing options available,
price, and more information about this course. Roles include designing the structure of websites and apps, optimising for mobile devices,
and creating features that promote ease of use. FlatIron School 2000 USD (Ksh 200,000)Installment plans are available on thisinstallment
plans document It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and tackle novel problems. By
the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. Students explore version control using git commands including
cloning, branching, merging, rolling back commits, forking, and submitting pull requests. Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript, React,
SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux Frameworks. Africa’s top Tech Bootcamp – Moringa School teams up with America’s Top Tech Bootcamp –
Flatiron School, to bring you this 23-week Software Engineering Course that puts you on the path to career freedom! Students master the
basic building blocks of how the web is rendered and become fluent in the language that makes the web beautiful. They additionally learn
how to conceive of and build UIs for web apps by writing well-structured HTML and CSS. JavaScript powers the user experience of the web.
Students learn the basics of JavaScript syntax, its functional architecture, and dierent approaches to the object model. Students then
learn the Document Object Model (DOM) Javascript API provided by the browser to dynamically interact with HTML. Students use native
“vanilla” JavaScript (versus a library). Students then explore the popular Javascript framework React. To grow as a software engineer, you
must be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge that you’re given. In our program, you’ll hone communication and
collaboration skills, and you’ll become part of the technical community as you build and share a Github portfolio. Front-end developers
are good in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other front-end frameworks and technologies They are good at creating algorithms that fetch and
manipulate data stored in database systems using backend frameworks like Ruby, Python, and SQL. Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript,
React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux Frameworks.The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End
programming technologies using Python.It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and
tackle novel problems. By the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. 23 Weeks Learners will experience ReactJS,
a component-based JavaScript framework, and have the opportunity to pick up key industry skills by building a project that interacts with
an API The program completes with a large-scale group project that will be guided by your technical instructor. You’ll receive plenty of
instructor feedback along the way while diving deep into various advanced technologies needed to bring your concepts to life. Practical
Hands-on LearningGet job-ready with practical, hands-on learning. You’ll learn the in-demand market languages and skills, labs, and real-
world portfolio development.Technical Mentorship Schedule1:1s with your instructor to work on technical concepts, plan out your pacing or
check-in about your program milestones.Learn in CommunityYou may be learning online, but you’re not alone. You can schedule 1:1s with your
instructor for added guidance 3. 1:1Career Coaching and Graduate SupportReceive career coaching and job-hunting support for up to 12
months post graduation To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge you are
given. Communication and collaboration skills, building a project portfolio on Github, and being part of the tech community are some
additional aspects of becoming a successful software engineer. Kickstart your journey with us. Become acertified professionalin the most
exciting careers of today and tomorrow Become a Moringa Certified Software Developer and enjoy up to 12 months of alumni support from our
Career Services Department.  If you have a unique app idea and entrepreneurial spirit, you can start your own mobile app development
company or join a tech startup as a co-founder. The Software Engineering Mobile Track is designed to equip individuals with the skills and
knowledge necessary to excel in the field of full-stack mobile development with a specialization in portable device solutions. In a world
where mobile devices have become an integral part of our daily lives, this track provides a comprehensive and up-to-date curriculum to
prepare students for a successful career in mobile software engineering. Break (Easter) © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved.
Quality assurance (QA) testers are responsible for testing mobile apps to identify and report bugs, usability issues, and performance
problems. They play a critical role in ensuring the quality of the final product. 23 weeks Students aspiring to become mobile app
developers.Junior developers looking to specialize in mobile development.IT professional