introductory Data Science concepts. By the end
of pre-work you will be prepared to dive into the course material and you will be at the same level with your coursemates. They need to
test ecosystems for the businesses and prepare them for data scientists to run their algorithms. In short, they make sure that the data is
ready to be processed and analyzed Data analysts are responsible for different tasks such as visualizing, transforming and manipulating
the data. Sometimes they are also responsible for web analytics tracking and A/B testing analysis. All applicants need to meet the
criteria outlined below to gain admission and succeed in the 25 weeks program:- Data Storytelling lies right in the middle of pure, raw
data and human communication. A data storyteller needs to take on some data, simplify it, focus it on a specific aspect, analyze its
behavior, and use his insights to create a compelling story that helps people better understand the data. Students get a 1 week break to
relax and boost energies to complete the remaining modules. This is a course for the passionately curious that want to work with Data
to:Help businesses leverage data for innovation and successInnovate and predict future trends in business and other industriesLearn how to
analyze data, and provide data-driven insights to make decisionsElevate their careers or switch to Data Science in as little as 25 weeks
This Data Science course is for the passionately curious that want to work with Data to:Help businesses leverage data for innovation and
successInnovate and predict future trends in business and other industriesLearn how to analyze data, and provide data-driven insights to
make decisionsElevate their careers or switch to Data Science in as little as 35 weeks Data Science Jobs are among the most sought-after
roles according to Linkedin reports. Students will go through training with our professional development trainers in leading self, working
with others, project management, career readiness, communicating for impact & Entrepreneurial Thinking At the end of this phase, students
will be able to use skills to collect, organize and visualize data with the goal of providing actionable insights.  Now more than ever,
industries are leveraging data to monitor behaviors and trends. Data Scientists are equipped with the knowledge of how to make use of
data, tell a story, and derive insights for businesses. In order for businesses to succeed in this day and age, they need Data Scientists
to fill the gaps, use data to set business goals, and find opportunities that could not be considered were it not for the data insights.
At the end of this phase students will be able to build and implement the most important machine learning techniques. 35 weeks Ksh 200,000
( USD 2000 )Download fees installment plans on theData Science Part-time fees installation plans document © 2024 Moringa School. All
rights reserved. Students get a 1-week break to relax and boost energies to complete the remaining modules. The Data Science pre-work
covers introductory Data Science concepts. By the end of pre-work, you will be prepared to dive into the course material and you will be
at the same level as your coursemates. Flatiron School The credits are rolling on a movie you’ve just concluded watching and Netflix
automatically queues the preview for another movie that you might like; You’re doing some online shopping on Jumia and while scrolling
down the product description, you notice a section that says “Most popular” that has the same product from different vendors at different
prices; this is Data Science at work and businesses are always looking for talented individuals to help them analyze and draw actionable
insights from their data in order to make informed business decisions. Live & Online | Mon to Fri from 6pm – 9pm | Saturdays from 9am –
6pm This phase of the course focuses on a variety of Data Science techniques. Students learn about unsupervised learning techniques like
clustering and dimensionality reduction. Students will be introduced to threading and multiprocessing to be able to work with big data. In
doing so, you’ll learn about PySpark and AWS, and how to use those tools to build a recommendation system. You’ll also learn about deep
learning, neural networks, and how to perform sentiment analysis. In your final project, learners work individually or in groups to apply
the technical and soft skills training and knowledge. Students will be required to create a large-scale data science and/or machine
learning project. This final project provides an in-depth opportunity for you to demonstrate your learning accomplishments and get a feel
for what working on a large-scale data science project is really like. To become a data scientist, you will need some understanding of
Software Engineering fundamentals, Statistics, and the ability to apply all the knowledge in new and dynamic domains. Our Data Science
course will teach you the technical and soft skills that will have you adapt faster, learn how to learn, and stay relevant in the industry
for a long time. In this phase, students learn about machine learning with a heavy focus on supervised learning. For starters, learners
get into regression analysis and a new form of regression — logistic regression. In building regression models, students also learn
penalization terms, preventing overfitting through regularization, and using cross-validation to validate regression models. Find out the
pacing options available, price, and more information about the Part-time Data Science Course at Moringa. During orientation, you learn
more about Moringa, our policies, learning model, learning platform, classroom structure, and learning schedule. You will also learn about
Dat Science Principles, and Software Engineering principles and dive deep into python programming. At Moringa we guarantee you a unique
learning experience and curriculum design. We deliver a cutting-edge and comprehensive curriculum by offering you:- They need to test
ecosystems for the businesses and prepare them for data scientists to run their algorithms. In short, they make sure that the data is
ready to be processed and analyzed. All applicants need to meet the criteria outlined below to gain admission and succeed in the 35 weeks
program:- Being a data scientist entails dealing with all aspects of a project. Often, in big companies, team leaders in charge of people
with specialized skills are data scientists; their skill set allows them to overlook a project and guide them from start to finish. Become
aCertified Data Scientistwith access to 12 months of Graduate Support to land your next career opportunity once you complete your course
work. In this phase, students will be introduced to the fundamentals of python for Data Science. You’ll learn how to use Jupyter
Notebooks, and will be familiarized with popular Python libraries that are used in data science such as Numpy and Pandas. To organize your
data, you’ll learn about data structures, relational databases, ways to retrieve data, and the fundamentals of SQL for data querying
structured databases. Furthermore, you will learn how to access data from various sources using APIs and perform Web scraping. Enroll now
for theMarch 18th, 2024intake Data analysts are responsible for different tasks such as visualizing, transforming and manipulating the
data. Sometimes they are also responsible for web analytics tracking and A/B testing analysis. Data Storytelling lies right in the middle
of pure, raw data and human communication. A data storyteller needs to take on some data, simplify it, focus it on a specific aspect,
analyze its behavior, and use his insights to create a compelling story that helps people better understand the data. In phase 2, students
learn about the fundamentals of probability theory like combinations and permutations. They also learn about statistical distributions and
how to create samples, then apply this knowledge by running A/B experiments. At the end of this phase, students will be able to build
their first data science model using linear regression. This Data Science course is for the passionately curious that want to work with
Data to:Help businesses leverage data for innovation and successInnovate and predict future trends in business and other industriesLearn
how to analyze data, and provide data-driven insights to make decisionsElevate their careers or switch to Data Science in as little as 35
weeks Data Science Jobs are among the most sought-after roles according to Linkedin reports. Students will go through training with our
professional development trainers in leading self, working with others, project management, career readiness, communicating for impact &
Entrepreneurial Thinking At the end of this phase, students will be able to use skills to collect, organize and visualize data with the
goal of providing actionable insights.  Now more than ever, industries are leveraging data to monitor behaviors and trends. Data
Scientists are equipped with the knowledge of how to make use of data, tell a story, and derive insights for businesses. In order for
businesses to succeed in this day and age, they need Data Scientists to fill the gaps, use data to set business goals, and find
opportunities that could not be considered were it not for the data insights. At the end of this phase students will be able to build and
implement the most important machine learning techniques. 35 weeks Ksh 200,000 ( USD 2000 )Download fees installment plans on theData
Science Part-time fees installation plans document © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Students get a 1-week break to relax and
boost energies to complete the remaining modules. The Data Science pre-work covers introductory Data Science concepts. By the end of pre-
work, you will be prepared to dive into the course material and you will be at the same level as your coursemates. Flatiron School The
credits are rolling on a movie you’ve just concluded watching and Netflix automatically queues the preview for another movie that you
might like; You’re doing some online shopping on Jumia and while scrolling down the product description, you notice a section that says
“Most popular” that has the same product from different vendors at different prices; this is Data Science at work and businesses are
always looking for talented individuals to help them analyze and draw actionable insights from their data in order to make informed
business decisions. Live & Online | Mon to Fri from 6pm – 9pm | Saturdays from 9am – 6pm This phase of the course focuses on a variety of
Data Science techniques. Students learn about unsupervised learning techniques like clustering and dimensionality reduction. Students will
be introduced to threading and multiprocessing to be able to work with big data. In doing so, you’ll learn about PySpark and AWS, and how
to use those tools to build a recommendation system. You’ll also learn about deep learning, neural networks, and how to perform sentiment
analysis. In your final project, learners work individually or in groups to apply the technical and soft skills training and knowledge.
Students will be required to create a large-scale data science and/or machine learning project. This final project provides an in-depth
opportunity for you to demonstrate your learning accomplishments and get a feel for what working on a large-scale data science project is
really like. To become a data scientist, you will need some understanding of Software Engineering fundamentals, Statistics, and the
ability to apply all the knowledge in new and dynamic domains. Our Data Science course will teach you the technical and soft skills that
will have you adapt faster, learn how to learn, and stay relevant in the industry for a long time. In this phase, students learn about
machine learning with a heavy focus on supervised learning. For starters, learners get into regression analysis and a new form of
regression — logistic regression. In building regression models, students also learn penalization terms, preventing overfitting through
regularization, and using cross-validation to validate regression models. Find out the pacing options available, price, and more
information about the Part-time Data Science Course at Moringa. During orientation, you learn more about Moringa, our policies, learning
model, learning platform, classroom structure, and learning schedule. You will also learn about Dat Science Principles, and Software
Engineering principles and dive deep into python programming. At Moringa we guarantee you a unique learning experience and curriculum
design. We deliver a cutting-edge and comprehensive curriculum by offering you:- They need to test ecosystems for the businesses and
prepare them for data scientists to run their algorithms. In short, they make sure that the data is ready to be processed and analyzed.
All applicants need to meet the criteria outlined below to gain admission and succeed in the 35 weeks program:- Being a data scientist
entails dealing with all aspects of a project. Often, in big companies, team leaders in charge of people with specialized skills are data
scientists; their skill set allows them to overlook a project and guide them from start to finish. Become aCertified Data Scientistwith
access to 12 months of Graduate Support to land your next career opportunity once you complete your course work. In this phase, students
will be introduced to the fundamentals of python for Data Science. You’ll learn how to use Jupyter Notebooks, and will be familiarized
with popular Python libraries that are used in data science such as Numpy and Pandas. To organize your data, you’ll learn about data
structures, relational databases, ways to retrieve data, and the fundamentals of SQL for data querying structured databases. Furthermore,
you will learn how to access data from various sources using APIs and perform Web scraping. Enroll now for theMarch 18th, 2024intake Data
analysts are responsible for different tasks such as visualizing, transforming and manipulating the data. Sometimes they are also
responsible for web analytics tracking and A/B testing analysis. Data Storytelling lies right in the middle of pure, raw data and human
communication. A data storyteller needs to take on some data, simplify it, focus it on a specific aspect, analyze its behavior, and use
his insights to create a compelling story that helps people better understand the data. In phase 2, students learn about the fundamentals
of probability theory like combinations and permutations. They also learn about statistical distributions and how to create samples, then
apply this knowledge by running A/B experiments. At the end of this phase, students will be able to build their first data science model
using linear regression.  No prior experience in programming is required. Data visualization skills are required for many jobs in the data
analysis and statistics professions.Data visualization specialists are in high demand by companies working with Big data.Learning data
visualization techniques is important for professionals in finance, marketing, health, insurance, business analytics, and statistics. Any
time you are tasked with communicating information from data, whether it’s to an audience of coworkers, clients, or customers, you will
need to know how to most effectively present your findings. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for
you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum.Project-based learningAccess to
large data sets & real-world business case studiesTechnical Mentor SupportLive instructor classesAccess to a global community of learners
all over AfricaCareer Guidance © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Students are required to dedicate 12 weeks to learning for them
to succeed in this course. Students that enroll in this course are not expected to have any prior experience in coding. By the end of this
course, learners will have a solid foundational understanding of Python programming and practical experience working with the most popular
data science libraries such as Pandas and Matplotlib to import, explore, clean, manipulate, and visualize datasets in order to identify
trends and insights from large data sets. Flatiron School Students will work in teams to support each other in the development of their
first python visualization project. Students will be expected to prepare a presentation on the insights derived from the visualizations
they created. In order to gain access to the world of freely available data, we must learn its language. No prior coding experience is
expected for this course. We’ll start with the bare basics and work our way up from there. Find out the pacing options available, price,
and more information about this course. Have basic math skills.Have basic computer skills.Proficiency in English – both spoken and
written.Must have a computer or laptop with the following specs ( core i5 – i7, 8GB RAM, 500GB memory).Must have a desire and curiosity to
learn.No prior experience in programming is required. This course is designed for non-technical students seeking programming skillsin
Python with an interest in gathering, synthesizing, and story-telling with data.Are you interested in learning more about python, data
science, or data visualizations?Are you interested in the rapidly expanding world of data science?Then you are fit for this course. Sign
up and start learning. Build up from the basics of Pandas to develop skills isolating data of interest by grouping, sorting, filtering,
etc. This will be an opportunity to review basic statistics concepts through continued python practice. Identify use cases for various
visualizations (Scatter Plots, Bar Graphs, Histograms, etc.) and utilize our budding python skills to create simple visualizations Learn
about what an API is and how you can connect to them to access publicly available data to merge with your existing dataset. Data
visualization is the graphic representation of data analysis to achieve clear and effective communication of results and insights drawn
from data. One of the key skills of a data scientist is the ability to tell a compelling story, visualizing data and findings in an
approachable and stimulating way. Learning to leverage software tools to visualize data takes you a step closer to becoming a good data
scientist. Understand the challenges associated with missing data and implement methods of dealing with them. Also, If you have always
wanted to learn python programming for Data Science, this is a good foundational course for you. The Data Visualization Course is beginner
friendly. Then you are fit for this course. Sign up and start learning. This course is designed for non-technical students seeking
programming skillsin Python with an interest in gathering, synthesizing, and story-telling with data. Introduce Pandas DataFrames and
learn how to import data and explore various statistics with simple commands. Live & Online | Part-Time Evening Classes Ksh 35,000
Applications for this course have been closed. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We
guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum. Students are required to dedicate 12
weeks to learning for them to succeed in this course.1 weekly lecture from a technical mentor8-10 hours per week of self-learningWeekly
projectsWeekly 1:1 sessions with your Technical Mentors/ InstructorsAdditional helpdesk support is available on Saturdays from 9 am to 12
pm E.A.T Students will take an approved dataset of their choosing and enrich it by merging it with externally sourced data. Using this
enriched dataset, students will prepare a full visual analysis presentation exploring the features of the data and presenting valuable
insights. Now that we’ve gained some understanding of the basic building blocks of python, let’s use them to solve beginner computational
thinking challenges. 12 Weeks  © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Security ConsultantInformation security analystNetwork Security
EngineerComputer Forensics InvestigatorEthical HackerSecurity Software Developer Flatiron School Are you new to the world of cybersecurity
as a professional, or just interested in getting started in this industry? This introductory course is for you. For 12 weeks learners
explore topics in cybersecurity like cyber threats, and cyber intelligence while gaining practical insight into governance, risk &
compliance. At the end of the course, you will earn a certificate of completion from Moringa and be well-prepped to take up the exams for
the Certificate in Cybersecurity from (ISC)², the world’s leading cybersecurity professional organization known for the CISSP. Find out
the pacing options available, price, and more information about this course. Moringa is one of the most successful tech boot camps in
Africa. Join us and get top-tier learning & student experience.Practical hands-on learningAccess to industry-relevant cybersecurity labs &
projectsDedicated Technical mentor supportGraduates earn a certificate upon completion of the courseExam preparation for the Certificate
in Cybersecurity from (ISC)², the world’s leading cybersecurity professional organization known for the CISSP.Access to industry networks
through tech events, networking forums & the alumni community Next Intake starts onFebruary 12th, 2024 12 weeks Our curriculum is created
by a leading boot camp from the USA – Flatiron School, and verified by Cybersecurity experts with years of real-world industry experience.
When you join our 12-week Cybersecurity prep course, you’ll be supported by certified technical mentors. Have basic computer
skills.Proficiency in English – both spoken and written.Must have a computer or laptop ( core i5 – i7, 8GB RAM, 500GB memory).All classes
are fully online. You are required to have access to stable internet.Must have a desire and curiosity to learn.Availability to attend all
classes. If you are a recent graduate or an ongoing student and looking to start your career in cybersecurity you are encouraged to apply
and start. No one is left out – even if you are switching from another IT field this is the right course for you! Students will be
required to be online Mondays – Thursdays from 6.00 pm – 9.00 pm. A 1 -hour lecture will be delivered then deep dive into the course for
the remainder of the time. Additional hours and support will be availed on Fridays & Saturdays. Moringa is one of the most successful tech
boot camps in Africa. Join us and get top-tier learning & student experience. This course will take you from 0 to an experienced junior
cyber specialist with industry-relevant & practical skills. You will be taken through exam preparation sessions for the Certificate in
Cybersecurity from (ISC)², the world’s leading cybersecurity professional organization known for the CISSP. Ksh 35,000 At the end of the
course, learners have an opportunity to take an exam for the Certificate in Cybersecurity from (ISC)², the world’s leading cybersecurity
professional organization known for the CISSP. Part Time Classes Online Classes every Mon – Thursdays from 6.00 pm – 9.00 pm ( live
lectures, self-learning and Technical Mentor Support available) This course will take you from 0 to an experienced junior cyber specialist
with industry-relevant & practical skills.Career readiness– explore job trends and position yourself for a prospective job as the
cybersecurity industry continues to grow.Upskill in a new field– Learn what cybersecurity is and its potential impact on you & understand
the most common threats, attacks, and vulnerabilities. Also, gain insights into how businesses protect their operations from attacks.Job
Opportunities– There is a huge demand for Cyber Security experts from cybersecurity analysts, penetrations tester, ethical hackers,
network engineers, DevSecOps, Cyber Security consultants, etc This course covers all the aspects required for a good start in
cybersecurity. You will be taken through cybersecurity fundamentals, get a deep dive into the cybersecurity kill chain, and discover
malicious tools that are used by hackers. Learners will also work on practicals through weekly labs & projects.You will be taken through
exam preparation sessions for the Certificate in Cybersecurity from (ISC)², the world’s leading cybersecurity professional organization
known for the CISSP. Get started on your journey to becoming a cybersecurity specialist with our 12-week Cybersecurity Prep Course This
course covers all the aspects required for a good start in cybersecurity. You will be taken through cybersecurity fundamentals, get a deep
dive into the cybersecurity kill chain, and discover malicious tools that are used by hackers. Learners will also work on practicals
through weekly labs & projects.  DevOps focuses on better collaboration between the Development team and the Operations team. A DevOps
Engineer is an individuals who oversee the entire software development lifecycle. They are instrumental in handling the code releases,
implementing CI/C