ine learning workflow. Attendees will learn practical techniques and best practices to enhance the
quality of their datasets, leading to more robust and accurate machine-learning models Zoom Webinar  Certificates will be available for
collection on November 23rd, 24th, and 27th, 2023, from 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM at Ngong Lane Plaza. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. Join Us Key Highlights: We invite all Moringa School stakeholders, friends, and family to join us in celebrating the
achievements of our graduates. Your support has played a crucial role in their success, and we look forward to sharing this momentous
occasion with you. Dress Code: 8:30 am - 1:00 pm All stakeholders are requested to adhere to a casual formal dress code. Please avoid
rugged jeans, shorts, and tights to ensure a respectful and celebratory atmosphere. Certificate Collection: 17 Nov, 2023 Thank you for
being a part of the Moringa School journey, and we can’t wait to celebrate this exciting day with you! We are excited to celebrate the
accomplishments of our talented students and recognize the vital role they play in shaping the future of technology. Their skills and
expertise are essential for driving innovation and progress in the ever-evolving tech industry. In partnerships With: For further details
and inquiries, please contactaccess@moringaschool.com. Visa Oshwal Community Centre 17 Nov, 2023| 8:30 am - 1:00 pm This graduation will
be the 3rd this year, celebrating the tremendous journey of 996 of our students, who have earned their spot as software developers, data
scientists, product designers and DevOps Engineers. This graduation ceremony is a testament to the relentless pursuit of knowledge, the
power of community, and the boundless potential that each of our graduates possesses. @ 8:30 am - 1:00 pm  Certificates will be available
for collection on November 23rd, 24th, and 27th, 2023, from 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM at Ngong Lane Plaza. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. Join Us Key Highlights: We invite all Moringa School stakeholders, friends, and family to join us in celebrating the
achievements of our graduates. Your support has played a crucial role in their success, and we look forward to sharing this momentous
occasion with you. Dress Code: 8:30 am - 1:00 pm All stakeholders are requested to adhere to a casual formal dress code. Please avoid
rugged jeans, shorts, and tights to ensure a respectful and celebratory atmosphere. Certificate Collection: 17 Nov, 2023 Thank you for
being a part of the Moringa School journey, and we can’t wait to celebrate this exciting day with you! We are excited to celebrate the
accomplishments of our talented students and recognize the vital role they play in shaping the future of technology. Their skills and
expertise are essential for driving innovation and progress in the ever-evolving tech industry. In partnerships With: For further details
and inquiries, please contactaccess@moringaschool.com. Visa Oshwal Community Centre 17 Nov, 2023| 8:30 am - 1:00 pm This graduation will
be the 3rd this year, celebrating the tremendous journey of 996 of our students, who have earned their spot as software developers, data
scientists, product designers and DevOps Engineers. This graduation ceremony is a testament to the relentless pursuit of knowledge, the
power of community, and the boundless potential that each of our graduates possesses. @ 8:30 am - 1:00 pm Book Your Seat forJuly 3rd ©
2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. Book Your Seat forJuly 3rd © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights
reserved.  Our Full Stack Software Engineering Curriculum is designed to provide you with a comprehensive understanding of both the front-
end and back-end programming technologies giving you the ability to create complex and robust applications that can scale to meet the
demands of modern businesses. It is a more extensive course of study than the average school offers but our goal is to teach you more than
simply knowing how to code. Students are required to dedicate 6 days to learning for them to succeed in this course.Students will engage
in 20-25 hours of learning weekly including 3 live lectures per week.4 hours of learning each weekday and on SaturdaysHybrid classes with
in-person classes on Tuesdays and Saturdays1:1 sessions with your instructorAdditional helpdesk support on Saturdays from 9 am to 1 pm GMT
This Course is curated for those who want to;Launch a career in tech as a software engineerLearn from industry technical expertsLearn with
a diverse community from all over AfricaBuild and style interactive websites & web applications After completing the Software Engineering
Prep, which covers all the fundamentals, learners will need to tackle Phase 1 and learn how JavaScript works under the hood while gaining
hands-on experience with JavaScript programming, interacting with the DOM, and event listeners. By the end of this course, you will have
gained practical experience working on real-world projects and have a strong understanding of both front-end and back-end development. Our
goal is to help you develop the skills and confidence to succeed in the rapidly growing field of software engineering. Candidates who
can’t afford the fee can easily take the student loan which allows them to go through the entire training without worrying about it.Pay
only N90,720 as a commitment fee and pay the remaining balance after you secure a job. All applicants must meet the eligibility
requirements Flatiron School All students are required to complete an introductory pre-work one week before the start of class. During
pre-work, students will get accustomed to our online learning management system (Canvas), set up their computing environment, and
familiarise themselves with the basics of the programming languages that will prepare them for day 1 of the program. Instructor led,
Hybrid classes Learners will experience ReactJS, a component-based JavaScript framework, and have the opportunity to pick up key industry
skills by building a project that interacts with an API. Find out the pacing options available, price, and more information about this
course. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills
through our practical and comprehensive curriculum.Practical Hands-on LearningGet job-ready with practical, hands-on learning. You’ll
learn the in-demand market languages and skills, labs, and real-world portfolio developmentTechnical MentorshipLive instructor-led
lectures. Schedule 1:1s with your instructor to work on technical concepts, plan out your pacing, or check in about your program
milestones.Learn in CommunityYou may be learning online, but you’re not alone. You can schedule 1:1s with your instructor for added
guidance 3. 1:1Career Coaching and Graduate SupportReceive career coaching and job-hunting support for up to 12 months post-graduation
This Course is curated for those who want to; It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn
and tackle novel problems. Book Your Seat forJuly 3rd N1,666,720 Be a youth, Aged 21 – 29.Applicant must be a resident of NigeriaBe a
graduate/HND or degree (Applicants must attach their certificationsFully fluent in both written and spoken English and Passionate about
technology. Basic Computer skillsApplicants must have a Laptop that is Core i5,7th Gen and upwards, 500 HDD,8GB RAMHaving completed or is
currently serving NYSC (Must attach the certificate or have an exemption letter)Able to commit to the program fully for 24 weeksHave prior
at least 1-year work experience After completing the four phases, each with their own group project, learners work with instructors to
come up with solo project concepts and spend dedicated time building a truly sophisticated application on their own. Learners receive
plenty of instructor feedback along the way, while diving deep into various advanced technologies needed to bring their concepts to life.
Learners have the opportunity to share or present their final individual project. Students explore version control using git commands
including cloning, branching, merging, rolling back commits, forking, and submitting pull requests. Learners gain a thorough understanding
of back end development basics, while learning a new language, Python. Next, learners will get comfortable with object-oriented
programming and storing information in databases using SQL and object relational mapping. No prior coding knowledge is required. Join our
24 weeks program and learn Software Engineering from scratch. Students master the basic building blocks of how the web is rendered and
become fluent in the language that makes the web beautiful. They additionally learn how to conceive of and build UIs for web apps by
writing well-structured HTML and CSS. © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. To grow as a Software Engineer, you must
be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge that you’re given. Our curriculum is designed to provide you with a solid
foundation in programming languages, frameworks, and tools commonly used in the industry. The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum
covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can become a full-stack developer. Students are required to dedicate 6
days to learning for them to succeed in this course. Course Includes: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, JSON, and Redux
FrameworksThe Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can become a
full-stack developer.It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and tackle novel
problems. 24 weeks, 6 days in a week from Monday to Saturday from 9am-1pm Course Includes: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python,
JSON, and Redux Frameworks Become acertified professionalin the most exciting careers of today and tomorrow. Learners will master Flask, a
Python web framework, before using it to create their own JSON API along with scalable front ends with React, creating slick, functional,
and interactive applications. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn
market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum. Partnership Launch Event between Moringa School and Impact Hub
Accra Impact Hub- Accra, Ghana © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. Impact Hub- Accra, Ghana Join Nelly Agyemang-
Gyamfi (Group Operations Director – Moringa School), Kelechi Victor Ofoegbu (Chief Operations Officer – Impact Hub Accra), and Setriakor
Nyomi (Director of Technology – Moringa School) this Friday 11th February 2022 as they break down this topic and officially launch the
partnership between Moringa School, and Impact Hub Accra. Topic: Nurturing African Talent […] Who: RSVP LINK:Register Here Comments are
closed. © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. Join Us 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm Topic:Nurturing African Talent for the
Advancement of Tech In Africa 11 Feb, 2022| 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm Where:Impact Hub- Accra, Ghana Time:5.00pm – 7.00pm West African Time Join
Nelly Agyemang-Gyamfi (Group Operations Director – Moringa School), Kelechi Victor Ofoegbu (Chief Operations Officer – Impact Hub Accra),
and Setriakor Nyomi (Director of Technology – Moringa School) this Friday 11th February 2022 as they break down this topic and officially
launch the partnership between Moringa School, and Impact Hub Accra. Date:Friday, 11th Feb 2022 @ 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm 11 Feb, 2022 Impact
Hub- Accra, Ghana Join Nelly Agyemang-Gyamfi (Group Operations Director – Moringa School), Kelechi Victor Ofoegbu (Chief Operations
Officer – Impact Hub Accra), and Setriakor Nyomi (Director of Technology – Moringa School) this Friday 11th February 2022 as they break
down this topic and officially launch the partnership between Moringa School, and Impact Hub Accra. Topic: Nurturing African Talent […]
Who: RSVP LINK:Register Here Comments are closed. © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. Join Us 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm
Topic:Nurturing African Talent for the Advancement of Tech In Africa 11 Feb, 2022| 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm Where:Impact Hub- Accra, Ghana
Time:5.00pm – 7.00pm West African Time Join Nelly Agyemang-Gyamfi (Group Operations Director – Moringa School), Kelechi Victor Ofoegbu
(Chief Operations Officer – Impact Hub Accra), and Setriakor Nyomi (Director of Technology – Moringa School) this Friday 11th February
2022 as they break down this topic and officially launch the partnership between Moringa School, and Impact Hub Accra. Date:Friday, 11th
Feb 2022 @ 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm 11 Feb, 2022 © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. For Immediate Release, 8th February
2022 Following the announcement of its new CEO, scale-up specialist Snehar Shah, and a Curriculum Agreement with Flatiron School last
month, Moringa School has today hit the refresh button by lifting the veil on its new brand to its stakeholders in the EdTech space in
Kenya and other African Markets, […]  +254 712 293 878 Do you have questions about our Data Science Course? Reach out to our team. Our
Admissions team is always on standby to answer your Admission-related questions. Do you prefer to talk to us on WhatsApp? You can do so
through the number below. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. +254 741 493 565 Ngong Lane, Ngong Lane Plaza, 1st Floor, Nairobi
Kenya Do you have a question about our products? We’d love to hear from you. Here’s how you can reach us.. Get in touch The content
included on this Website, such as data, text, graphics, logos, images, and software and its compilation is the property of the School
and/or its content suppliers and is protected by copyright and trademark laws. In the event you upload any content including, without
limitation, photographs or videos to this Website, you (i) represent to the School and its affiliates that you have all rights necessary
to upload the content; (ii) agree to indemnify the School and its affiliates for any third party infringement or other claims related
thereto; and (iii) hereby license to the School and its affiliates a perpetual non-cancellable royalty-free license to use such uploaded
content for any purposes in any media now existing or hereafter developed. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Moringa reserves
the right to make changes to this Website and to modify the Terms at any time at its sole discretion. We encourage you to review the Terms
frequently for modifications. By your use of this Website, you agree to abide by any such modifications to the Terms, which are binding on
you. This Privacy Policy describes the School’s agreement with you regarding how we will handle certain information on the Website. This
Privacy Policy does not address information obtained from other sources such as submissions by mail, phone or other devices or from
personal contact. By accessing the Website and/or providing information to the School on the Website, you consent to the collection, use
and disclosure of certain information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We do collect and keep personally identifiable information
when you choose to voluntarily submit such information. For example, if you choose to fill out a form on the Website we retain the
information submitted by you. You should not submit any information that you do not want to be retained. After we have taken the
appropriate action in response to your submission, we retain the information you submit for our records and to contact you from time to
time. Please note that if we decide to change the manner in which we use or retain personal information, we may update this Privacy
Policy, at our sole discretion. THE SCHOOL MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THIS WEBSITE OR THE MATERIALS AND/OR CONTENT
AND/OR LINKS ON THIS WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. BY YOUR ACCESS TO THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE USING THIS WEBSITE
AND/OR ANY LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AT YOUR OWN RISK. THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED BY THE SCHOOL ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS,
AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE SCHOOL DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION,
MATERIAL, CONTENT, TEXT, GRAPHICS, EMAIL RESPONSES, LINKS, AND OTHER ITEMS CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE OR ON ANY OTHER THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE.
THE SCHOOL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE, ITS SERVERS, OR MESSAGES SENT FROM THE SCHOOL ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL
COMPONENTS. THE SCHOOL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE, OR ITS CONTENT OR ANY THIRD PARTY
MATERIAL OR WEBSITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. A cookie
is a small text file that a website can place on your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping or other administrative purposes. Our
Website may use cookies to help to personalize your experience on the Website. Although most web browsers accept cookies automatically,
usually you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you decide to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully use the
features of the Website. Cookies may also be used at certain sites accessible through links on the Website. Welcome to the Moringa School
website (the “School” or “We” or “Moringa”) located at www.moringaschool.com (the “Website”). The School provides this Website to you
subject to the following Terms of Use and Privacy Policy (together, the “Terms”). When you use this Website, you agree to abide by these
Terms. If you do not agree to abide by these Terms, you may not use this Website. Please read the Terms carefully. This Website may
provide links or references to third-party websites or applications, including without limitation, third-party websites or applications of
advertisers or of providers of informational articles or other users. The School is not responsible for any information you choose to
provide to those third-party websites or applications; any information, products or services you acquire from those third-party websites
or applications, or any damages arising from your access to or use of those third-party websites or applications. THE INFORMATION
CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE AND IN ANY RESPONSES TO YOU ARE INTENDED TO BE FOR GENERAL INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND ARE NOT CONFIDENTIAL.
ANY INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE YOU DO AT YOUR OWN RISK. THIS INFORMATION SHOULD NOT BE USED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR CONSULTING WITH THE SCHOOL OR
OTHER PROVIDERS. The School may make changes to the information, content and/or policies contained on this Website or the offerings and/or
services described on this Website or the Website at any time at its sole discretion with or without notice. The School makes no
commitment and undertakes no obligation for it or its users to update the information contained herein. If any of these provisions are
deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and
enforceability of the Terms. We may send you information or materials such as newsletters, ebooks, whitepapers by email or postal mail
when you submit addresses via the Website. By using the Website, you are consenting to our sending you such information or materials.
Moringa does not rent or sell personal information that you choose to provide to us nor does the School disclose credit card or other
personal financial information to third parties other than as necessary to complete a credit card or other financial transaction or as
required by law. The School does engage certain third parties to perform functions and provide services, including, without limitation,
hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, payment transaction, and direct marketing campaigns. We
will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform the functions and provide the
services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your
data. The School is not responsible for the practices or policies of the websites linked to or from the Website, including without
limitation their privacy practices or policies. If you elect to use a link that accesses another party’s website, you will be subject to
that website’s practices and policies. If you do not want to receive promotional information or material, please send an email with your
name, mailing address, and email address tocontact@moringaschool.com. When we receive your request, we may take reasonable steps to remove
your name from such lists. You may also automatically unsubscribe from any promotional messages sent to your addresses by virtue of
selecting the unsubscribe options that will be made available with each message and following the prompts. You agree to use this Website
only for lawful purposes, and you acknowledge that your failure to do so may subject you to civil or criminal liability. You are
responsible for ensuring that any materials you upload, post or submit to this Website do not violate the copyright, trademark, trade
secret or other personal or proprietary rights of any third party and you hereby agree to indemnify the School for any third party
infringement or personal rights claims. You agree not to disrupt, modify, or interfere with this Website or its associated software,
hardware and servers in any way and you agree not to impede or interfere with others’ use of this Website. You further agree not to alter
or tamper with any information or materials on or associated with this Website. Any unauthorized use or violation of these terms
automatically terminates any permission or license granted by the School to access and use this Website. If you merely download material
or browse through the Website, our servers may automatically collect certain information from you which may include: (a) the name of the
domain and host from which you access the Internet; (b) the browser software you use and your operating system; and (c) the Internet
address of the website from which you linked to the Website. The information we automatically collect may be used to improve the Website
to make it as useful as possible for our visitors; however, personal information you choose to provide to us will be secured is NOT to be
shared with the public. The School makes available the information on this Website for informational purposes only. You are solely
responsible for the information you provide on this Website and for the information you use that you view on this Website. Information on
this Website is not intended to be a replacement for direct consultation with the School; if you have questions or concerns, please
contact the School directly. Any links to third-party websites and applications are provided as a convenience to the visitors of this
Website and any inclusion of any such links in this Website does not imply an endorsement or warranty of the third-party websites or
applications or their security, content, products, offerings or services. You are cautioned that any third-party websites or applications
are governed by their own terms of use and privacy policies, so when linking you should make sure to visit the appropriate pages of those
third-party websites or applications to determine what terms of use and privacy policies will apply to your use. By visiting this Website,
you agree that these Terms for all purposes shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Kenya, without regard to
principles of conflict of law, and that any action based on or alleging a breach of these provisions must be brought in a court located in
Kenya. In addition, you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. If you have questions about If you have
questions about the Terms or if you wish that we modify or delete your personal information that we have collected, you can contact us
atcontact@moringaschool.comand ask for our website coordinator. For any period of time that you use this Website and abide by these terms,
the School grants to you a limited, revocable and nonexclusive license to access this Website for your use but not to copy, download or
modify it, or any portion of it, except with the express written consent of the School. This Website or any portion of this Website may
not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, visited or otherwise exploited without the express written consent of the School. You may not
utilize framing to enclose any trademark, logo, content or other proprietary information contained on this Website without the express
written consent of the School. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing the School or its affiliates’ name or
trademarks without the School’s express written cons