s seeking to transition into mobile application
development.Entrepreneurs interested in creating their own mobile apps. This is the most common role in mobile development. Mobile app
developers specialize in creating applications for either Android (using Java or Kotlin) or iOS (using Swift or Objective-C) platforms.
They are responsible for designing, coding, testing, and maintaining mobile applications. In essence, mobile development is about
leveraging technology and data to bridge the gap between human needs and digital solutions. It’s the means by which we transform concepts
into user-friendly applications that not only meet user expectations but also contribute to the success of organizations and businesses in
our increasingly mobile-centric world. Many mobile developers choose to work as freelancers or consultants. They can take on projects for
various clients and enjoy flexibility in their work schedules. Find out the pacing options available, price, and more information about
this course; Mobile development, often referred to as app development, is the process of designing and building applications for mobile
devices. It is the art and science of transforming ideas into tangible digital experiences tailored specifically for smartphones and
tablets. Instructor led remote classes Cross-platform developers use frameworks like React Native to build applications that can run on
both Android and iOS with a single codebase. This approach can be cost-effective for companies and offers developers the ability to work
on multiple platforms. Unlock Your Potential in Mobile App Development If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the
place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum.Project-based
learningTechnical Mentor SupportInteractive workshops and group discussionsAccess to a dedicated online platform for course materials and
resources.Access to a global community of learners all over Africa Mobile development, often referred to as app development, is the
process of designing and building applications for mobile devices. It is the art and science of transforming ideas into tangible digital
experiences tailored specifically for smartphones and tablets.Similar to creating any masterpiece, mobile development involves a
combination of creative design, coding expertise, and seamless integration of various components. From crafting intuitive user interfaces
to building robust back-end functionality, mobile developers work to provide users with a seamless and engaging experience.In essence,
mobile development is about leveraging technology and data to bridge the gap between human needs and digital solutions. It’s the means by
which we transform concepts into user-friendly applications that not only meet user expectations but also contribute to the success of
organizations and businesses in our increasingly mobile-centric world. Mobile development was previously outside the skills of web
developers. In this course, you’ll learn to build a mobile app using JavaScript. First, you’ll explore setting up your development
environment and learn the fundamentals of application development. Next, we’ll discover how to create a component(feature) and use the
core components provided by the React Native library. Finally, you’ll learn how to compile your project into an app that can be loaded on
an actual device and distributed through both the Android and iOS app stores. This course covers JavaScript and the front-end framework
React. You’ll also learn to create hybrid mobile applications, using the React Native framework. On the server side, you’ll learn to
implement NoSQL databases using MongoDB, work within a Node.js environment and Express framework, and communicate to the client side
through a RESTful API. Flexible installment plans are available Book Your Seat forFebruary 26th, 2024 Our course offers a unique blend of
theoretical understanding and practical application, empowering you to: Mobile product managers oversee the development and launch of
mobile apps. They bridge the gap between development teams and business stakeholders, ensuring that the app aligns with the company’s
goals and user expectations. Students are required to dedicate 23 weeks to learning for them to succeed in this course. If you are in
search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical
and comprehensive curriculum. Experienced mobile developers can transition into roles as technical writers or trainers, where they create
documentation, tutorials, or courses to help others learn mobile development. Ksh 174, 000 Students are required to dedicate 23 weeks to
learning for them to succeed in this course.8 hours of study from 8 am-5 pm23 weeks Similar to creating any masterpiece, mobile
development involves a combination of creative design, coding expertise, and seamless integration of various components. From crafting
intuitive user interfaces to building robust back-end functionality, mobile developers work to provide users with a seamless and engaging
experience. Have basic computer skills.Proficiency in English – both spoken and written.Must have a computer or laptop ( core i5 – i7, 8GB
RAM, 500GB memory).All classes are fully online. You are required to have access to stable internet.Must have a desire and curiosity to
learn.Availability to attend all classes Our course offers a unique blend of theoretical understanding and practical application,
empowering you to:Stay Ahead of the Curve– Mobile technology evolves at lightning speed. Our curriculum keeps pace with the latest trends,
frameworks, and best practices, ensuring you’re always one step ahead.Expert Guidance– Learn from industry experts who bring their real-
world experience into the classroom. Benefit from their mentorship and insights, setting you up for success.Hands-On Learning– Theory is
essential, but practice makes perfect. Dive into coding exercises, collaborate on projects, and see your skills in action.In-Demand
Skills– Stand out in a competitive job market with skills that are in high demand. Mobile app developers are sought after in various
industries, and we’ll prepare you to excel.Career Support– Our commitment doesn’t end with the program. We provide career support to help
you build your resume, prepare for interviews, and connect with potential employers.  You’ll master Flask, a Python web framework, before
using it to create their own JSON API along with scalable front ends with React, creating slick, functional, and interactive applications.
All students are required to complete an introductory pre-work one week before the start of class. Find out the pacing options available,
the price, and more information about this course. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Become a Moringa Certified Software
Engineer and enjoy up to 12 months of alumni support from our Career Services Department after graduation. All students are required to
complete an introductory pre-work one week before the start of class. During pre-work, students will get accustomed to our online learning
management system (Canvas), set up their computing environment, and familiarise themselves with the basics of the programming languages
that will prepare them for day 1 of the program. Flatiron School Back-end developers create the logic that instructs applications on how
to interpret user input and what feedback to give to the user after executing the submitted request. Intake is ongoing for theFebruary
26th, 2024Class Our Full Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can
become a full-stack developer. It’s a more extensive course of study than the average school offers but our goal is to teach you more than
simply knowing how to code The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies
using Python. It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and tackle novel problems. By
the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. Practical Hands-on LearningGet job-ready with practical, hands-on
learning. You’ll learn the in-demand market languages and skills, labs, and real-world portfolio development.Technical Mentorship1:1s with
your instructor to work on technical concepts, plan out your pacing or check-in about your program milestones.Learn in CommunityYou may be
learning online, but you’re not alone. You can schedule 1:1s with your instructor for added guidance.Career Coaching and Graduate
SupportReceive career coaching and job-hunting support for up to 12 months post-graduation. Students will engage in 20-25 hours of
learning weekly including one 3-hour lecture per week.You can either join live lectures or watch recordings as your schedule allows2-3
hours of learning online each weekday(Evenings)8-10 hours of online learning on weekendsYou will have 1:1 sessions with your
instructorAdditional helpdesk support on Saturdays from 9am to 12pm EAT USD 2, 000 (Ksh 200,000)Installment plans are available on
thisinstallment plans document Students explore version control using git commands including cloning, branching, merging, rolling back
commits, forking, and submitting pull requests. Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux
Frameworks. During pre-work, students will get accustomed to our online learning management system (Canvas), set up their computing
environment, and familiarise themselves with the basics of the programming languages that will prepare them for day 1 of the program.
Students master the basic building blocks of how the web is rendered and become fluent in the language that makes the web beautiful. They
additionally learn how to conceive of and build UIs for web apps by writing well-structured HTML and CSS. Become acertified
professionalinthe most exciting careersof today and tomorrow To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn and
adapt, no matter the challenge that you’re given. In our program, you’ll hone communication and collaboration skills, and you’ll become
part of the technical community as you build and share a Github portfolio. You’ll gain a thorough understanding of back-end development
basics, while learning a new language, Python. Next, learners will get comfortable with object-oriented programming and storing
information in databases using SQL and object-relational mapping. Front-end developers are good in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other front-
end frameworks and technologies 30 Weeks They are good at creating algorithms that fetch and manipulate data stored in database systems
using backend frameworks like Ruby, Python, and SQL. Africa’s top Tech Bootcamp – Moringa School partners with America’s Top Tech Bootcamp
– Flatiron School, to bring you a part-time Software Engineering Course that puts you on the path to career freedom! Course IncludesHTML,
CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux Frameworks.The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End
and Front-End programming technologies using Python.It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to
learn and tackle novel problems. By the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. Working professionals who would
like to study in the evening as they learn coding skills.University graduates who would like to gain practical experience in the
workplace.High school graduates looking to get into the tech field.University students who want to supplement their degree while
studying.Tech entrepreneurs who want to learn new languages and skills. Learners will experience ReactJS, a component-based JavaScript
framework, and have the opportunity to pick up key industry skills by building a project that interacts with an API The program completes
with a large-scale group project that will be guided by your technical instructor. You’ll receive plenty of instructor feedback along the
way while diving deep into various advanced technologies needed to bring your concepts to life. JavaScript powers the user experience of
the web. Students learn the basics of JavaScript syntax, its functional architecture, and different approaches to the object model.
Students then learn the Document Object Model (DOM) Javascript API provided by the browser to dynamically interact with HTML. Students use
native “vanilla” JavaScript (versus a library). Students then explore the popular Javascript framework React. Front-end developers create
websites and applications that match user needs and expectations. Roles include designing the structure of websites and apps, optimizing
for mobile devices, and creating features that promote ease of use. To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn
and adapt, no matter the challenge you are given. Communication and collaboration skills, building a project portfolio on Github, and
being part of the tech community are some additional aspects of becoming a successful software engineer. Kickstart your journey with us.
Online  Data Science Jobs are among the most sought-after roles according to Linkedin reports. At the end of this phase, students will be
able to use skills to collect, organize and visualize data with the goal of providing actionable insights. Students will go through
training with our professional development trainers in Project Management and Career Readiness. Now more than ever, industries are
leveraging data to monitor behaviors and trends. Data Scientists are equipped with the knowledge of how to make use of data, tell a story,
and derive insights for businesses. In order for businesses to succeed in this day and age, they need Data Scientists to fill the gaps,
use data to set business goals, and find opportunities that could not be considered were it not for the data insights. © 2024 Moringa
School. All rights reserved. 25 weeks Enroll now for theFebruary 12th, 2024intake Flatiron School The credits are rolling on a movie
you’ve just concluded watching and Netflix automatically queues the preview for another movie that you might like; You’re doing some
online shopping on Jumia and while scrolling down the product description, you notice a section that says “Most popular” that has the same
product from different vendors at different prices; this is Data Science at work and businesses are always looking for talented
individuals to help them analyze and draw actionable insights from their data in order to make informed business decisions. In your final
project, learners work individually or in groups to apply the technical and soft skills training and knowledge. Students will be required
to create a large-scale data science and/or machine learning project. This final project provides an in-depth opportunity for you to
demonstrate your learning accomplishments and get a feel for what working on a large-scale data science project is really like. Students
will go through training with our professional development trainers in Leading self and working with others. Students will go through
training with our professional development trainers in Communicating for Impact & Entrepreneurial Thinking. To become a data scientist,
you will need some understanding of Software Engineering fundamentals, Statistics, and the ability to apply all the knowledge in new and
dynamic domains. This phase of the course focuses on a variety of Data Science techniques. Students learn about unsupervised learning
techniques like clustering and dimensionality reduction. Students will be introduced to threading and multiprocessing to be able to work
with big data. In doing so, you’ll learn about PySpark and AWS, and how to use those tools to build a recommendation system. You’ll also
learn about deep learning, neural networks and how to perform sentiment analysis. In this phase, students learn about machine learning
with a heavy focus on supervised learning. For starters, learners get into regression analysis and a new form of regression — logistic
regression. In building regression models, students also learn penalization terms, preventing overfitting through regularization, and
using cross-validation to validate regression models. Online | Mon to Fri from 8am – 5pm During orientation, you learn more about Moringa,
our policies, learning model, learning platform, classroom structure, and learning schedule. In this phase, students will be introduced to
fundamentals of python for Data Science. You’ll learn how to use Jupyter Notebooks, and will be familiarized with popular Python libraries
that are used in data science such as Numpy and Pandas. To organize your data, you’ll learn about data structures, relational databases,
ways to retrieve data, and the fundamentals of SQL for data querying structured databases. Furthermore, you will learn how to access data
from various sources using API’s and perform Web scraping. Our Data Science course will teach you the technical and soft skills that will
have you adapt faster, learn how to learn, and stay relevant in the industry for a long time. You will also learn about Dat Science
Principles, and Software Engineering principles and dive deep into python programming. This is a course for the passionately curious that
want to work with Data to: In phase 2, students learn about the fundamentals of probability theory like combinations and permutations.
They also learn about statistical distributions and how to create samples, then apply this knowledge by running A/B experiments. At the
end of this phase students will be able to build their first data science model using linear regression. Being a data scientist entails
dealing with all aspects of a project. Often, in big companies, team leaders in charge of people with specialized skills are data
scientists; their skill set allows them to overlook a project and guide them from start to finish. At the end of this phase, students will
be able to build and implement the most important machine learning techniques. Become aHot Assetin the most in-demand career pathways in
tech of the 21st century The Data Science pre-work covers introductory Data Science concepts. By the end of pre-work you will be prepared
to dive into the course material and you will be at the same level with your coursemates. They need to test ecosystems for the businesses
and prepare them for data scientists to run their algorithms. In short, they make sure that the data is ready to be processed and analyzed
Ksh 174,000 ( USD 1740 )Download fees installment plans on theData Science Full-time fees installation plans document Data analysts are
responsible for different tasks such as visualizing, transforming and manipulating the data. Sometimes they are also responsible for web
analytics tracking and A/B testing analysis. All applicants need to meet the criteria outlined below to gain admission and succeed in the
25 weeks program:- Data Storytelling lies right in the middle of pure, raw data and human communication. A data storyteller needs to take
on some data, simplify it, focus it on a specific aspect, analyze its behavior, and use his insights to create a compelling story that
helps people better understand the data. Find out the pacing options available, price, and more information about this Data Science Course
at Moringa. Students get a 1 week break to relax and boost energies to complete the remaining modules. This is a course for the
passionately curious that want to work with Data to:Help businesses leverage data for innovation and successInnovate and predict future
trends in business and other industriesLearn how to analyze data, and provide data-driven insights to make decisionsElevate their careers
or switch to Data Science in as little as 25 weeks  Data Science Jobs are among the most sought-after roles according to Linkedin reports.
At the end of this phase, students will be able to use skills to collect, organize and visualize data with the goal of providing
actionable insights. Students will go through training with our professional development trainers in Project Management and Career
Readiness. Now more than ever, industries are leveraging data to monitor behaviors and trends. Data Scientists are equipped with the
knowledge of how to make use of data, tell a story, and derive insights for businesses. In order for businesses to succeed in this day and
age, they need Data Scientists to fill the gaps, use data to set business goals, and find opportunities that could not be considered were
it not for the data insights. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. 25 weeks Enroll now for theFebruary 12th, 2024intake Flatiron
School The credits are rolling on a movie you’ve just concluded watching and Netflix automatically queues the preview for another movie
that you might like; You’re doing some online shopping on Jumia and while scrolling down the product description, you notice a section
that says “Most popular” that has the same product from different vendors at different prices; this is Data Science at work and businesses
are always looking for talented individuals to help them analyze and draw actionable insights from their data in order to make informed
business decisions. In your final project, learners work individually or in groups to apply the technical and soft skills training and
knowledge. Students will be required to create a large-scale data science and/or machine learning project. This final project provides an
in-depth opportunity for you to demonstrate your learning accomplishments and get a feel for what working on a large-scale data science
project is really like. Students will go through training with our professional development trainers in Leading self and working with
others. In-person & Online | Mon to Fri from 8am – 5pm To become a data scientist, you will need some understanding of Software
Engineering fundamentals, Statistics, and the ability to apply all the knowledge in new and dynamic domains. Students will go through
training with our professional development trainers in Communicating for Impact & Entrepreneurial Thinking. This phase of the course
focuses on a variety of Data Science techniques. Students learn about unsupervised learning techniques like clustering and dimensionality
reduction. Students will be introduced to threading and multiprocessing to be able to work with big data. In doing so, you’ll learn about
PySpark and AWS, and how to use those tools to build a recommendation system. You’ll also learn about deep learning, neural networks and
how to perform sentiment analysis. In this phase, students learn about machine learning with a heavy focus on supervised learning. For
starters, learners get into regression analysis and a new form of regression — logistic regression. In building regression models,
students also learn penalization terms, preventing overfitting through regularization, and using cross-validation to validate regression
models. Become ahot assetin the most in-demand career pathways in tech of the 21st century During orientation, you learn more about
Moringa, our policies, learning model, learning platform, classroom structure, and learning schedule. In this phase, students will be
introduced to fundamentals of python for Data Science. You’ll learn how to use Jupyter Notebooks, and will be familiarized with popular
Python libraries that are used in data science such as Numpy and Pandas. To organize your data, you’ll learn about data structures,
relational databases, ways to retrieve data, and the fundamentals of SQL for data querying structured databases. Furthermore, you will
learn how to access data from various sources using API’s and perform Web scraping. Ksh 200, 000Download fee installment plans on theData
Science Full-time Hybrid fees installation plans document Our Data Science course will teach you the technical and soft skills that will
have you adapt faster, learn how to learn, and stay relevant in the industry for a long time. You will also learn about Dat Science
Principles, and Software Engineering principles and dive deep into python programming. See below the pacing options available, price, and
more information about this Data Science Course at Moringa. This is a course for the passionately curious that want to work with Data to:
In phase 2, students learn about the fundamentals of probability theory like combinations and permutations. They also learn about
statistical distributions and how to create samples, then apply this knowledge by running A/B experiments. At the end of this phase
students will be able to build their first data science model using linear regression. Being a data scientist entails dealing with all
aspects of a project. Often, in big companies, team leaders in charge of people with specialized skills are data scientists; their skill
set allows them to overlook a project and guide them from start to finish. At the end of this phase, students will be able to build and
implement the most important machine learning techniques. The Data Science pre-work covers 